“Welcome to Imperial Centre, my friends,” he said in a rasping voice, though at the same time 
it projected friendliness, though to Jack he felt like someone was pouring rancid oil down his back.

“You have all been summoned here to receive your just rewards for your service to the Republic; 
you are all the most skilled of our new Empire’s officer corp. And now I will personally present to you 
your medals for actions taken in quelling the Jedi rebellion. Admiral Yularen, come forth please?”

A tall man in his late thirties with a moustache and prematurely greying hair stepped up to the podium 
and walked up to the Emperor who pinned a special silver medal onto his chest, 
a small oval pendant with the new Imperial seal stamped on it.

“For Special Services to the Empire,” the Emperor intoned after he pinned the medal on, 
Admiral Yularen saluted and returned to his seat. Soon after another admiral was called forth 
and another medal was pinned to his chest, the Emperor repeated what he said to Yularen as each 
officer got their medals pinned on.

They soon got through the admirals and then went on to the captains and soon enough it was Jack’s turn. 
He got out of his seat and headed for the podium, walking forward at a brisk pace, but not too fast, 
he reached the podium quickly. The feeling of rancid oil running down his back became being covered in it 
and Jack felt a very strong desire to puke and take a long hot shower, 
vowing to do so as soon as he got back to his ship.

He arrived at the podium before the Emperor and stood tall and proud as the Emperor pinned the medal on his chest, 
feeling a very cold sensation grip his heart as the Emperor said; “For Special Services to the Empire.”

Jack couldn’t help but feel as if he was being scanned, the yellow eyes of the emperor 
seeming to examine him from top to bottom and inside and out, and he could feel the old man’s breath upon him,
settling on his clothes like a damned grease spot that just won’t go away. 
He saluted stiffly and walked away, with the Emperor smiling evilly behind his back, 
having caught a glimpse of this one’s possible future.

The ceremony dragged on for hours and the feeling was still there, 
and by the end of it he felt like he would never be clean again. 
He was about to leave with Max when an Admiral came towards him, a man in his late fifties 
with short dark grey hair and in a dark grey uniform, that same accursed medal pinned to his chest 
and his face had a neutral look, but you could see in his eyes that he was disgusted with today’s events, 
just as Jack was.

“Captain, I am Admiral Rod, I would like to speak to you in private in my office on the Guardian!” 
The Admiral’s flagship? “After you have returned to your ship and changed,” he added quietly.

“Aye sir,” said Captain Hawks, snapping a crisp salute and left wondering why the Admiral in charge 
of anti-piracy would want to meet with him.

