An hour later Jack had taken a shuttle to the Guardian, one of the new Imperator class Star Destroyers 
that were coming off the assembly lines, after he had gotten out of his uniform and into the fresher unit
in his quarters, got rid of the medal and put the uniform, one of his favourites he regretted, 
into the incinerator down in engineering, the crew wondering what was going on with their captain.

The shuttle was directed to the forward landing bay where a lieutenant, the admiral’s aide he assumed, 
was waiting for him.

“Welcome aboard the Guardian, Captain,” the aide greeted, who upon closer inspection was a woman, 
and had full lieutenants bars on her shoulders, a rarity these days. 
“Follow me please,” she said and turned sharply on her heel and walked ahead of him, Jack following close behind.

They soon arrived at the admiral’s office; the aide announced his presence as he entered. 
The office was spartanly decorated, with only a few small trinkets and a holo-image of his family on his desk, 
a very old fashioned one at that. The desk itself was a simple metal desk that you’d normally see on a warship 
in a captain’s quarters, not an admiral’s who normally choose expensive ones made of real wood. 

“Captain Jack Hawks, reporting as ordered sir.”

“At ease captain, take a seat,” said the admiral, gesturing to one of the two seats that sat in front of his desk.

“I suppose you saw the smoke coming from the Jedi Temple and noticed the recent renaming of our capital?”

“Yes sir. If I may ask, how the hell did this happen?”

The Admiral took on a look of reminiscence. “A combination of the Jedi’s blindness, 
the lack of will and plenty of greed in the senate and a skilful manipulator from behind the scenes, 
manipulating everything to his own design,” Admiral Rod said knowingly.

“This whole war was a setup to destroy the Jedi Order, and this is not the first time that the Jedi 
have been destroyed,” he said knowingly. “How good is your history, Captain?”

“History wasn’t exactly my strong suit; I was more interested in being a fighter pilot than an historian.” 

The Admiral chuckled slightly. “Four thousand years ago there was a war, not too dissimilar to this one, 
that had the Republic on its knees, and the Jedi Order was badly crippled, but not destroyed, 
and I would bet good money on there being at least a few Jedi that survived the Emperor’s purge,” 
the admiral said knowingly.
