His own eyes narrowed in suspicion. "Now I know that there is definitely more to this than meets the eye, and it's obvious that it affects you, and right now I can see you want to lash out at me, you even want to kill me don't you? But I'm not the real source of your anger am I? I've just given you the excuse to let your anger express itself, and I've seen you take your anger out on just about everyone of the crewmembers, except for the clones and the few female crewmembers aboard ship. Now I need you to tell me what is eating you up inside!"
She quickly calmed down, but the anger was still there, lingering beneath the surface and still plain to see in her eyes. "You're a man, you wouldn't understand what it is like for me as a woman, especially in the beginning in my career, but I'm better now, I've been to some counselling."
"How often?" he asked pointedly. 
"Just a couple of one hour long sessions when I had leave. I even have a couple set up in two weeks time, luckily their well after our assignment on Naboo," she sniffed slightly and her eyes watered up slightly, but never let any tears go.
"It's obvious that you need to talk about this more often and with somebody you trust. Hess you've known me for the past three years, I'd like to think that you would consider me a friend, or at least an ally. You know that if you're in pain you can come to me and your friends aboard ship that know you," he said as he lay a comforting hand upon her shoulder. She instantly recoiled from his touch, as though she had been burned.
"Please Mirialia, tell me!" he asked a little more gently as he again reached out to her, both emotionally and physically, and this time she didn't recoil away from him, even allowed herself to relax and allow herself to feel safe for the first time in the company of a male.
"You remember what I told you about Commodore Delmar's attempted rape of me?" she asked, and Jack nodded in reply. "Well he wasn't the first man who tried to force himself upon me. I met Colonel Riskovat just after the Clone Wars began. Back then I was only a recent graduate from the CorSec Academy and pushed into a lieutenant's position on a Republic Frigate. He was a major in Republic Army Intelligence back then and my ship was assigned to transport his team. He was so charming back then, or so I thought, I was so naive back then."
Jack could see the pain come back into her eyes, almost like she was reliving the pain of memory. "The only difference between Riskovat and Delmar is that Riskovat was the one who was successful," she stated, her voice strained with barely contained pain, and still she pressed on, feeling the pain ebb away slightly as she began to feel a little safer. Jack barely managed to contain his horror at what his xo had experienced. "He hurt me so bad. He targeted me, I believe, because he overheard one careless statement I made in the ship's mess, I can't even remember the comment, something that he interoperated as Separatist sympathies, and he started with trying to make me confess as a Separatist sympathiser. Then he began to slap me around, and I fought back. You saw the scratch marks on his neck?"
Jack nodded, remembering the deep gouges in his neck he had assumed he got in some hand to hand combat during the war with a BX-series droid. 
"That was my handiwork, but he was so strong he overpowered me. He tore off my uniform, and..." with that she began with small hicks, then degenerated into uncontrollable sobs, and Jack embraced her as she let out her emotions, alone with him, the only man, who was not a clone, who has ever shown her proper respect and not be afraid of her.
