"Secure all stations and link up to the slipway, prepare to switchover to external power and begin main reactor shut down procedures," commanded Commander Hess as soon as the slipway closed up and sealed them in. For a second the lights dimmed slightly then came back to full strength as power switched over.
"Primary and secondary reactors are powering down and we are now on external power. Atmosphere is now being pumped into the slipway and worker droids are getting to work," reported one of the dozen bridge technicians.
"A textbook docking and linkup Commander Hess, well done to both you and our skilled helmsmen," said the Commodore encouragingly, but then continued on a more serious note. "Now we need to go and have a little chat with my father and Mister Blissex. I have a couple of bones to pick with them."
Commander Hess was less than enthusiastic. "I don't think you need me for this, why can't the Old Man go with you?"
"He's still making preparations for the refit, I don't want to interrupt him, besides you've already done the preliminary analysis on the enemy ECM and understand the problem better than any of us," said the commodore smiling as he watched her get more uncomfortable. "Besides dad probably misses you," he said as he rose up from his command chair and Commander Hess reluctantly followed him to the turbolift.
"Lieutenant Commander Patrice, I leave the Command Bridge in your hands. Make sure that the yard dogs do their jobs," said Commander Hess just before leaving the bridge with the Commodore.
"Aye sir," he replied with a stiff salute, and as soon as the two senior officers were off the bridge he breathed a little easier, thankful that the ship's resident krayt dragon had left.
In the turbolift Commander Hess silently fumed, which the Commodore couldn't help but notice. "Mirialia I know that you don't like meeting with my father, but I can assure you that while he may have a wandering eye, especially when there is a beautiful woman in the room, his hands never wander unless invited."
"Well he'd better keep his hands to himself, because unlike last time when he only got a slap in the face if he comes even close to fondling my butt again I'll snap the hand that did it off at the wrist," she said in all seriousness, and all Jack could do was sigh in resignation.
"Then I'd better make sure he keeps his hands to himself," said Jack in exasperation. "Just don't overreact if he tries, as a favour to me please, I'd prefer that he remain relatively intact."
"No promises sir," she said, just before the turbolift doors opened.
They both got out of the turbolift and headed towards the airlock. They quickly exited the ship through a transparent docking tube to the shipyard proper and Jack and Mirialia saw with their own eyes some of the damage the Challenger had suffered in the last engagement, quickly noticing a lot of carbon scoring from turbolaser blasts and a few blast craters from missile, torpedo and proton shell strikes. The damage to his beloved ship, his third command, tugged at his heart strings, but knew that after this next refit his ship would be stronger than ever. Mirialia allowed him a moment then pulled on his left arm to remind him that they needed to move on. 

