"No, but I suggest no more than two."
Jack smiled mischievously at his xo. "So Commander, are you willing to join me and Kayla as my official date to this event?"
She narrowed her eyes in response. "You just want to see me and Kayla in dresses together, don't you?" she said mock accusingly.
He merely shrugged. "Can you blame me?"
"I guess I can't, besides this may be the only opportunity for you to see me in a dress," she said coyly. 
There was a tense moment. Everybody in the room had heard about the commodore's man-hating xo, and here she was flirting with her commanding officer, and everyone's eyebrows rose up into their scalps. 
"How did you housebreak your man hating xo, Jack?" Hal asked whisperingly to his son.
"I didn't!" he answered as Mirialia walked behind Hal. 
"And don't forget my promise, mister Hawks," she loudly whispered to Hal, who nearly jumped out of his seat in fright, and everybody relaxed a little, but the admiral had a slightly humoured glint in his eye.
"Very good Commander, Commodore," said the admiral, just as his comlink began beeping, demanding his attention. "Admiral Rod here," he answered as a hologram of his chief aid sprang to life.
"It's Lieutenant Halloran sir, your needed back on the Guardian, your ISB watchdog wants to talk to you, says that he has found a number of persons of interest!"
"Damned white coats, always sticking their noses where they're not wanted," the admiral grumbled as he began to leave the conference room. "Good luck with your mission Jack. Hopefully you'll be able to convince the queen to change this dangerous path she has herself and her people on."
All of the admiral's subordinates rose up from their chairs and saluted him as he began to leave, which he returned and then left.
Nar Shaddaa
The Bolthole
In the seedy underbelly of a Nar Shaddaa cantina called The Bolthole a blue-skinned Duros with a very distinctive hat enjoyed the local show of twi'lek strip dancers as he waited for his latest contact in the darkest corner of the room with the greatest view of all the exits, all the while absentmindedly chewing on a toothpick. Soon enough a small circular messenger droid came floating over to his table and landed on it. From a holo-emitter embedded on top of it sprang the form of a human.
"Hello Cad Bane, I apologize for not being able to meet you in person, but I have need of your services." 
