Jack threw a quick glance at Captain Bush and Admiral Rod gave a quick nod in confirmation. The captain could be trusted. "Just the usual rumours and the occasional scuttlebutt, but nothing has come up through the official channels."
"The rumours are true," said a voice in a dark corner of the room. With lightning fast reflexes both Commander Hess, Captain Bush and Commodore Hawks spun in their chairs and raised their DC-17 hand blasters and pointed it at the source of the voice. The source stepped out and a man of average height and build with an equally unassuming face revealed himself to the group, and Admiral Rod chuckled slightly.
"You always knew how to make an entrance Jared," said the admiral to everyone's surprise, but none of the surprised officers lowered their weapons, while Jared merely stood there, as if having people pointing guns at him was normal. "Gentlemen, this is Commander Jared Macintyre, he's going to be your new intelligence officer for the battle group. He'll provide you with all the necessary intelligence for future missions, as well as provide some wet work for you and interdict any moves the ISB may make against you."
"In other words our own spy and assassin all in one," said an intrigued Commodore Hawks.
"A crude, but accurate description of my job. Though for the most part my job will consist of making sure the ISB Colonel doesn't catch wind of our true loyalty, which is not to Emperor Palpatine!" Jared answered with a small non-descript smirk which then melted into an ever present neutral smile. "The young Queen Apailana has been hiding Jedi on her planet. So far Admiral Yularen's faction of Imperial Intelligence have been able to slow the dissemination of the rumours, but it is only a matter of time before the Emperor catches wind of this and sends in Vader and the 501st to deal with her and the Jedi."
"Which brings me to your mission. In a week's time the yearly Festival of Lights will commence on Naboo. Various members of the galaxy's elite has been invited, as well as numerous military officers, including me. I however have too many obligations to the fleet, and since your ship is going to be in dry dock being repaired for the next three weeks I have designated you and companions of your choice as my representatives at the ball." The admiral's nose wrinkled distastefully. "Besides I've always hated such events, especially the compulsory Royal Ball and dance."
"And what exactly is it that you want us to do at the festival?" Commodore Hawks asked.
"I want you to speak to the queen personally and warn her that the Empire is closing in on the Jedi that she has in hiding on her planet. Tell her that if the Emperor finds out that she is harbouring these Jedi the Emperor will end her rule by either military force or assassination. Plus I think this could be a good opportunity for you to have a short vacation," the admiral concluded smiling.
"I assume me and my companion will be travelling by standard long range shuttle?"
"No Commodore Hawks, you will be travelling in style," said the admiral mischievously as he directed his gaze towards Captain Bush.
"A short hop to and from Naboo should provide us an adequate shakedown cruise for the Retribution," said Captain Bush.
"Is there a limit to how many companions I may take with me?" Jack asked.
