INS Challenger 
Hangar Deck
"Alright people, you all heard the dragon lady, let's get these planes into the fight ASAP. MOVE IT!" yelled the deck officer across the hangar PA system as Blaze watched his fighter get resupplied then moved along the magnetic guidelines on the deck as his fighter floated on its repulsorlifts. 
"Okay, Razgriz flight, we're going to be the last to launch it seems so rev up your engines for a hard burn from the Challenger. Sounds like she's going into a gun duel and I do not want any of us caught in such a firestorm. Am I clear?" Blaze asked over the private channel.
"Clear as crystal!" responded Edge.
"Like hell I'm going to end my life like that!" said Chopper cockily.
"I'm with you all the way, skipper," said Archer a little anxiously. 
"Good, 'cause here we go!" said Blaze as his Z-95 was taxied to the launch deck, then with a combination of magnetic guidance fields and his own engine thrust, he and his three companions rocketed away from the Challenger and was greeted to the sight of a fast approaching Providence class carrier/destroyer that was spitting out great gouts of flaming red turbolaser fire. The four Razgriz Z-95s banked hard to starboard and got back into the massive fighter duel that was still going on in between the capital ships. 
All four felt the turns they were pulling as they went after a group of four droid Tri-fighters that were gunning for another squadron of Y-Wings, who were desperately using their turret guns to shoot them down, but with little luck. Blaze and his three companions slid up upon the droid fighters and unleashed their own hellish blazes of blue hail before they could react and blew them away.
"Yes, that's my fourteenth kill today," crowed Chopper. "One more and I'll make Ace three times over today."
"Don't get so cocky Chopper, I've already made Ace four times," Edge shot back. "Two more and it'll be five times over." One could almost hear the smile she wore.
"Watch out. Enemy bombers at our eight o'clock, twenty degrees down angle. Stay on my wing," Blaze rapidly ordered to get his pilots back in the game as he put his fighter into an extremely tight port turn and rolled. He let off a single concussion missile from his port launcher, which quickly accelerated away and hit the Hyena bomber dead centre in the bomb bay, which detonated its payload of deadly proton bombs and incinerated it. The rest of Razgriz followed suit and downed one Hyena each, leaving four more to go. Blaze saw that he was too close for a missile to be worth using, so switched to guns and let loose a long burst of blue laser that shredded his target, then proceeded to down another pair with guns before Edge stole his last kill.
"Come on man, you two can't just keep stealing our kills," Chopper lamented.

