INS Challenger
Commodore's quarter
Within the quarters of the commander of the Challenger battle group his loyal servant Kayla Macula sat on a well broken in circular meditative platform, still wearing the same black, see-through robes, still moist with oil, and sat cross legged and her breathing was slow and regular. She was the very image of a calm and collected Jedi Knight that used to go by the name of Aayla Secura, even as the ship shook heavily and alarms blared, she was not disturbed, nor moved, but inside she was troubled. She had opened her senses completely and within her mind's eyes she could see everything that was going on and she was once again in pain, nothing like what she felt during the Jedi Massacre, but still the pain of so many dying aboard the escort frigate Surprise still cut into her heart.
She felt that she should do something, but couldn't. The risk of detection by the Emperor and Vader was too great. All she could do was passively watch as the battle unfolded. She faintly felt something. There was a third party to this battle, someone was watching while being unseen. She focused her senses and tried ever so gently to see the one observing the battle, keeping a tight rein upon herself as she sent her own tendrils through the Force, and after many minutes of careful searching she found it. A ship, cloaked from both the battle group and the pirates eyes. 
It was close by, and she couldn't sense any other dark presences within several thousand light years. She felt she could risk it. She looked inside and saw the person in charge, a female blue skinned alien with red eyes and carbon black hair tied up into a tight bun and wore a grey military uniform, but the insignia was unfamiliar to her. The insignia and the cut of the uniform vaguely reminded her of her studies into the Ancient Sith Empire, but that was impossible. The Sith Empire imploded on itself over a thousand years ago.
She decided to take another risk and touched the woman's mind. She only got skin deep before she slammed into a wall that seemed to have been made from beskar reinforced durasteel.
"Who dares enter my mind?" a strong female voice sounded all around her.
"My name is Kayla Macula, a slave in service to Commodore Jack Hawks, commander of the Challenger battle group. Who are you, and why are you observing my master's fleet?" she questioned just as strongly, even as she felt the woman's counter attack.
"You lied to me twice just now, why should I give my name to someone who attempted to break into my mind and is an apparent liar?" She pushed back hard against Aayla's mental barriers, which made her real body sweat, and nearly broke through, though she obviously managed to get a glimpse of her true identity. "So, you're a survivor of Order 66, your real name is Aayla Secura and your playing the role of slave to hide from Palpatine's agents. Not a bad plan, but leaves you and your accomplice vulnerable if you are discovered. You're lucky that we are so far from Coruscant that he hasn't detected our little exchange, yet. I suggest we terminate our link. If you want to learn more about us I suggest you visit the Nyx Cantina on Nar Shadaa. There is another there that can help you learn more, but be warned. We don't suffer betrayal lightly." 
With that the link was cut and Aayla was left gasping for breath as she tried to calm down her racing heart, her body now soaked in a cold sweat that had washed away the warming oil and began shivering uncontrollably, as if she had just stepped out of a blizzard on Hoth, naked.
