Each round could be configured by the individual gunners for different purposes before they launch the round. Most gunners choose standard high explosive rounds. One gunner however heard the command for taking out the target's weapons. While the rest aimed their guns for the weapons themselves he choose to target the ships ammo, or more specifically the ammo for the mass drivers which was stored in armoured ammo bunkers behind the gun decks. To hit this target he needed the right type of warhead. He reset the parameters for his next six rounds and took aim. One after the other he launched them down the barrel of his mass driver, barely aware of the cacophony of cannon blasts as he entered the zone, feeling the mechanisms that slotted in the next round and aimed for his next target and watched the results of his work.
As the rounds impacted instead of just exploding in a rough sphere of rapidly expanding hot plasma, it took the form of a jet which quickly burned through the thinner outer hull, through the void and into the inner armoured hull and penetrated into the ammo stores. The moment the superheated plasma hit the ammo it exploded, and in turn detonated the combined ammo stores for all of the portside mass driver cannons. Instantly the entire portside face of the Tempo Diablo was blown wide open and looked like a roughly peeled piece of fruit.
The gunner could only stare in open mouthed astonishment of what he had just accomplished as he watched the ship reel from the lethal wound he had just inflicted upon it. Several smaller secondary explosions blossomed along the side as lines of liquid tibanna exploded or small fuel tanks cooked off. 
On the bridge Jack could only watch in shocked awe at what his crew had been able to do, even as a barrage from one of the Challenger's heavy turbolaser turrets opened up with its own barrage on the bridge of the offending warship, ignited the atmosphere inside and destroyed it, with several droids sent flying into space, waving their arms comically as they tumbled out.
"Enemy warship has sustained critical damage, sir, it's listing," reported Commander Hess in satisfaction, imagining the look of outright fury upon the face of Arulo Csalas. She didn't have to imagine long because someone was hailing them. "Sir, enemy flagship is hailing us, its Captain Csalas himself," she said in surprise as the once handsome face, now decidedly twisted by rage, of their enemy appeared on the large forward monitor. 
"Commodore Jack Hawks, you may think you have had a victory here, but know this! All you have done is cause me to focus all of my attention on you! I swear upon my life's blood that I will hunt you down to the ends of the galaxy. You will feel my wrath, and those bitches of yours will be my playthings, and I will make you watch as I take apart your ship piece by piece and sell it off..."
At that point Commander Hess cut the channel. "Sorry sir, I just can't stand disgusting little boys."
"Neither can I Commander. Target the bastards bridge with the bow chasers, let's put him out of our misery, permanently!"
"Aye sir! Bow chasers, target enemy flagship's bridge, fire when ready!"

