"Scopes, number and types," Commander Hess demanded.
"Two Lucrehulk class battleships, two Providence class carrier/cruisers, one of them we have identified as the Merchants Terror, three Recusant class destroyers, six Munificent class frigates, and four old Trade Federation Missile Frigates. The convoy has been attacked by only the Missile Frigates and four of the Munificent class frigates, and numerous fighter attacks, the rest are hanging back and not, I say again, not engaging the convoy!" reported the officer in charge of the scopes.
"So, Csalas is leading this attack personally. That's rather unusual for him. He normally just sends enough forces to overwhelm his target quickly, and almost never brings himself and his flagship into direct combat, but from what I'm hearing he has over half his fleet committed here. You think we may have struck a nerve or two?" the Commodore asked his xo.
"Maybe. We have been hitting his pirates more often than not and cleaned his allies chronometers quite thoroughly. Perhaps he sees this as a way of getting some payback, or maybe he wants us out of his way," said Commander Hess musingly. She didn't like unresolved mysteries, and this pirate's actions were atypical of his MO.
"Alert, enemy vessels are deploying more droid fighters and boarding craft, heading for both us and the convoy," one of the scopes techs warned.
"Well, I guess he got impatient," commented Jack as he thumbed his communications console on his command chair's arm rests. "All fighters, intercept and engage the enemy bombers and boarding craft, they are now priority targets. All ships, launch anti-fighter cluster missiles. Lets thin out the crowd."
((((((((((The Dark Times))))))))))
From banks of missile and torpedo batteries on all of the Challenger battle group's ships, long ten metre by one metre tubes topped with sharp conical heads were magnetically accelerated to a high starting speed, then their small, but powerful, engines ignited with bright blue plasma plumes and accelerated. As they neared the halfway point the large missiles exhausted their fuel, then the outer casings split open and unleashed a hail of much smaller concussion missiles into the enemy's fighter ranks. The droid brains aboard the fighters quickly analyzed the incoming trajectories and took appropriate evasive action, but space was practically saturated with missiles that almost every single droid fighter in the first wave was wiped out.
This was the scene that greeted Razgriz Flight as they rocketed away from the Challenger.
"Wohoo, look at all those little explosions, isn't it a beautiful sight?" crowed Chopper in delight over the radio.
"Calm yourself Chopper, there'll be plenty more droids for us to deal with in a moment," said Blaze.
"All War-Dogs, listen up, check you scopes ahead. The Challenger is sending us an update on our priority targets. Intercept and engage enemy boarding craft and bombers. Take them out any way you can!" ordered Captain Snow over the radio, and Blaze checked his scopes and saw a nice big juicy formation of fighters escorting a group of six Penetrator boarding craft, easily recognizing the dart shaped profiles.
