INS Challenger
Command Bridge
The scene that now greeted Commodore Jack Hawks was almost as terrifying as the one time he had nearly lost the Challenger at the Battle of Falleen during the Clone Wars. He felt nearly paralyzed with fear as he saw tens of thousands of missiles come towards him and his people. The one to snap him out of it was none other than his own XO as she shouted, "CLOSE BLASTDOORS NOW!" and heavy beskar enhanced durasteel armour plates dropped into place with loud clangs of metal on metal, and holographic images overlaid themselves over the now armour covered viewports. 
Streams of blue pulses shot out from the hundred CIWS guns that were emplaced strategically all over the ship. Their own sensors and interlinked droid brains identified the missiles that would present the most dangerous threat to the ship and automatically engaged their targets, but there was another problem.
"Sir, CIWS guns are starting to overheat," cautioned the officer who supervised the point defences for the Challenger. "They'll hold for a while longer, but if this goes on for much longer the guns will cease to function."
"I thought that problem had been solved?" the Commodore queried as a missile slipped through and impacted the shields which shook the ship slightly.
"Only partially solved, sir. The engineers solved it by improving the cooling systems and added more guns to decrease the workload, but there are so many incoming targets from almost all directions that all of our guns are having to be used, and we're barely keeping up!" the same officer reported back.
"What about the rest of the battle group?"
"They're experiencing the same problem," Commander Hess reported. "Those freighters just launched so many that they're nearly overwhelming us."
"Then we'll just have to weather this out," said Jack as his thoughts went several thousands of kilometres per second. "This missile barrage must've cost old Csalas a pretty penny and I doubt that he could have many more of these barrages left. I just hope I'm right."
One after another red hot CIWS guns fell silent as they automatically shut down for cool down, by venting coolant around the barrels that took away the waste heat, but it was a time consuming process. In the meantime missiles began to impact on all sides of the Challenger and slowly weakened the shields. Across the battle group the ships felt the pressure of the incoming missiles as they shot down missiles or they impacted on their shields. Suddenly the Nebulon-B frigate Surprise manoeuvred out of escort position.
"What is Captain Castillo doing?" the Commodore asked the room as the ship shook again, but this time from a turbolaser barrage from the approaching pirate fleet.

