INS Challenger
Command Bridge
Onboard the Challenger things were about to get even more tense as the main body of the battle group was about to engage the enemy fleet, but to brighten Commander Hess' day the report from the Dauntless was most welcome. 
"Well sir, it looks like you were right. Captain Macdougan's forces were enough," she reported happily as the Commodore took in the same report as his XO and the real-time tactical display updated.
"I told you he could do it. Have him regroup with us as soon as he can, we're going to need all the firepower we can muster against this fleet!" The Commodore was slightly worried. He had only three real heavy warships in his battle group, the rest being light to medium warships, while the pirates had somehow managed to get their hands on four big battle wagons plus some heavy escorts. He rose up from his command chair and headed for the CIC behind the bridge and took a closer look at the tactical holo-tank. 
Right now it was a duel between fighters, and the droids were really being pushed back. The few droid fighters, bombers and boarding craft that had managed to get past the first squadrons had not managed to survive the gauntlet of the CIWS guns and secondary long range laser cannons that all of his ships were armed with.
The pirate fleet was grouped into a simple formation, with the lighter warships on the flanks and a heavy core of heavy warships, with the Merchants Terror at the centre of the formation and heavily protected. Not one bomber squadron had been able to get through to cause any significant damage. He did have one advantage though. Long range gunnery.
"Ready bow chasers for long range ship killing duties, make sure our fighters are out of the lines of fire."
Commander Hess smiled at that. They were too far out for the standard turbolaser batteries to be effective, but they were well within range for the forward mounted beam turbolasers. "Aye sir," she replied with a grin and coordinated with both the ship's gunners as well as the Endurance's captain for a simultaneous assault, but frowned when she received a brief damage report from the Dauntless. "Sir, the Dauntless reports her bow chaser took some serious damage during the engagement. They will be unable to join in our attack."
"Then have Captain Macdougan concentrate on protecting the convoy and evicting the droids that have already boarded the freighters," the Commodore ordered, slightly disappointed at this development.
On the bows of both the Challenger and the Endurance heavy armoured doors revealed heavy SPHA beam turbolaser cannons, enlarged and more powerful than standard beam turbolasers and tied straight into the ships main reactors. In the Challenger's case she had four, two mounted on the bow, just underneath the launch bay, while the second pair stuck out behind the engineering section and nestled along the sides of the hyperdrive tail. The Dauntless and the Endurance only had one mounted in their own bows, mainly due to the space required, and the excessive power requirements for even just one of those big guns, affectionately called the BFGs by the gunnery crews.
