INS Challenger,
Mustafar system
The Commodore was taking a much needed powernap on his bed in his quarters with Kayla massaging his back when the intercom sounded with its annoying beeping. He groggily reached out to the intercom at the head of his bed and opened the internal channel.
"Whatever this is about it better be important!" Jack stated in annoyance and a slightly slurred tone.
"Sir, multiple convoys have just been attacked across the galaxy, I've already got the battle group moving to intercept, but we need you up here," reported Commander Hess in a slightly harried tone.
Immediately Jack sat up. "Time to intercept?"
"Approximately three minutes."
"Have all pilots get to their ships and prepare for a rapid launch, I want all primary squadrons in the air only seconds after we drop out of hyperspace, and bring all weapons online as well. I want to put as much hurt on these bastards as possible!"
"Already done, sir, all we're waiting for is you."
Jack smiled for a moment as he dried the oil off and put his uniform back on. "Very good Commander. I'll join you post haste."
"So much for a relaxing full body massage," Kayla said impishly as she put her own sheer black robe back on, which clung to her body in all the right places and became more see-through as the oils they had used soaked in.
"We'll continue this after the battle," he replied and planted a quick kiss on what he intended to be her cheek, but she turned her head at the last second and it landed square on her lips and quickly became a brief tongue wrestling match.
Reluctantly Jack disengaged and threw her roguish smile. "Minx," was all he said before his quarters armoured doors opened up and he left for the bridge, and enjoyed the pleasant after taste all the way up to the bridge. He came onto the Command Bridge with a confident stride and was happy to note that he had arrived before they had dropped out of hyperspace.
"Status report," he requested of his xo as he sat himself down into his Command Chair.
"All ships and fighters report ready for action, and we're seconds away from dropping out of hyperspace," Commander Hess reported as she took her place beside him. "If I may ask, why can't the xo of the ship have a comfy chair to sit in while in combat?" she asked sweetly. 
"Because I need you down in the crew pit cracking the whip," he answered just before they dropped out of hyperspace. The battle was already in full swing. On one side the convoy, a group of fifteen bulk freighters with three Dreadnought class cruisers and six Nebulon-B class escort frigates as their escort. On the other was a large fleet of mostly Separatist warships and a number of small freighters. Their purpose for being here Jack could not really fathom.

