"Can it, Chopper. This is war and our job is to take as many enemies down as possible, then come home alive!" Blaze retorted. He quickly checked his scopes, then his immediate surroundings through his fighter's cockpit and saw where they ended up. They had come right back towards the Challenger and was treated of a view of her exchanging broadsides with the Providence class carrier/destroyer, and both were tearing chunks of shields and armour off each other, but it was obvious the former Separatist warship was getting the rougher side of the exchange as the Challenger's main gun batteries and side-mounted broadside artillery guns tore huge chunks of armour and hull out of it. "Follow my lead, let's add to that Separatist's woes."
Blaze lead his flight through the incoming flack to the rear mounted dorsal tail and the observation pod mounted to it. They each launched a pair of concussion missiles straight for the pod, which slammed straight through the armoured windows and detonated inside, which made it bulge out and blew out all of the remains of the large panoramic view ports. They then veered off and headed for the main hull starboard side of the Providence, now labelled as the Tempo Diablo, and stuck as close to it as possible as they took out any gun emplacements they could with cannons and missiles. They soon caught the attention of a section of Vulture droids that were on their way back to rearm and refuel, but as their programming dictated they attacked.
Lock-on warning alarms blared throughout all four black-and-red Z-95s cockpits as the Vultures closed in and launched their own concussion missiles.
"Shit! Razgriz, split up and engage those bandits," Blaze ordered and they acknowledged with simple double clicks over their radios. Blaze split off with Edge while Chopper took Archer with him. They both pulled extremely tight turns to keep the enemy scanners from locking on to them, trusting in their fighters, their ECM gear and their skills to keep them safe. Unfortunately the lock-on warning became one long tone, indicating missile lock.
"Edge reverse engines in 3..." He began.
"I don't think this is a good idea," Edge warned Blaze as she braced herself for a possible collision.
"2." They both began to spin as chaff and flares were prepared.
"1!" They both reversed their thrust while spinning and deployed chaff and flares, just as the Vulture droids following them launched their missiles, but instead of the fighters they instead went after the flares. Both organic pilots felt the Gs they pulled as they let the Vultures pass them and nearly collided. With shit eating grins they both opened up with their guns and let loose a withering hail of blue laser cannon fire upon their former pursuers and tore them apart. 
They quickly caught up with Chopper and Archer after they had taken care of their own tormentors.
"I swear those droids are becoming ever more suicidal," the burly Mantellian pilot commented.
"That's just how they're programmed." Blaze took his flight back around and got a birds-eye view of the broadside exchange between the two titans of battle, and both ships hulls were aflame, but the Tempo Diablo was clearly the one that was losing, as the fires were completely out of control, and explosive decompressions were rippling across much of the mauled vessel's portside, while the Challenger seemed to have only superficial damage, evidenced by the fact that only the outer reactive armour had been burned off, and hadn't even penetrated to the beskar reinforced durasteel armour belt.
Blaze felt only a moment's pity as he lead his flight after another squadron of vulture droids.
