"Report!" Max barked out and the marines instantly came to rigid attention. 
"Sir, area is secured, just a few commando droids that tried to rush the door. The engineers made sure that this door was the only way in or out."
"How can you be sure that it is secure," said Max as he instantly brought up his rifle, spun around and fired off a single shot that blew the head off a still working commando droid. "Always make sure that your targets have been completely taken out."
"Yes sir," said the marine stiffly. 
"Alright, you boys hold the fort here while we continue clearing out the infestation," concluded Commander Max as he and his ARC Troopers sped off again, responding to another report of enemy droids.
((((((((((The Dark Times))))))))))
INS Challenger
Command Bridge
Meanwhile back on the Command Bridge Commodore Hawks was concentrating on the battle outside his ship. His ship was still in the middle of a horrific broadside exchange with the Tempo Diablo, and it didn't look to be ending anytime soon, and on top of that minutes earlier a boarding craft managed to burn its way through the portside hangar bay doors and put several platoons worth of commando droids on his ship. 
Note so self; get those doors reinforced with beskar the moment I get back home, he thought to himself, before he remembered that his father had told him that their pre-war stockpiles of beskar had been nearly drained to provide needed materials to reinforce the ships main armour. Further note to self, make a deal with the mandalorians for more beskar.
The ship shook heavily as the enemy warship fired off another barrage of proton shells and hit all along the portside of the Challenger, which shook the ship from stem to stern.
"Damn it, gunners, target the enemy warship's weapons and command bridge, I want that ship out of action now!" he angrily ordered.
A chorus of "Aye sir" followed from the crew pit and the guns intensified their fire on said locations. 
Several decks below, along the portside trench one of several batteries of five artillery guns were firing their own proton rounds at the Tempo Diablo in their own personal gun duel with the droid gunners. Each gun fired a round every three seconds and the noise they made was deafening, and heat and steam radiated from the gun barrels. Each gun was controlled by a single gunner that was seated in a seat mounted to the side of the gun and a crew of three technicians made sure the guns were operating smoothly and were also standing by to manually service the gun if the auto-loader failed. Proton rounds were brought up from armoured magazines a deck below which fed into the auto-loaders and loaded rounds in quick and smooth motions.

