With an almost feral smile upon her lips Commander Hess chose the bow chasers targets, the trio of Recusant class destroyers, and even picked precisely where she wanted them to be hit. The gunners didn't quite know why, but orders were orders, and they knew better than to disobey the ships strict task mistress, lest they find themselves scrubbing down R2 units for the rest of their tour of duty.
Seconds later the gunnery crews reported to her the guns were ready, the warning was sent out to the affected fighter squadrons and Commander Hess reported to her Commodore. "Bow chasers locked on and ready to fire."
"Then by all means Commander. Fire at will!"
"Aye aye sir, fire at will," she called out to the crew pit and with the push of three separate buttons three bright blue beams of pure plasmatic destruction lanced out and connected the two Imperial warships to the three former Separatist Recusant class destroyers. The three lances of blue plasma reacted violently with the destroyers shields and broke through them in less than half a second, then proceeded to sever the spar that connected the destroyers three main engines and main reactors to the rest of the ship, and left them helpless to manoeuvre. 
With a triumphant grin Commander Hess reported, "All three targets have been permanently crippled. Shall we finish them off?"
"Are they still able to fight?" the Commodore asked.
She checked with the scopes. "No sir, they are completely dead in the water. Without their main reactor and engine assemblies they only have enough reserve battery power to keep life support running."
"Good, then they'll be good for a salvage claim, after we have taken care of any battle droids aboard, but that can wait until after the battle. Concentrate fire on one of the Lucrehulks, I want them disabled if possible, but destroy them if necessary. I want to claim those ships as prizes," said Jack with a slightly gleeful tone of voice.
Commander Hess decided to tease her commanding officer a little as she mentally added credit signs to his eyes. "Careful sir, your mercenary fangs are showing."
That snapped him out of his slightly delusional state of mind and focused more on the moment instead of day dreaming about the money he was going to make on bringing in these pirates. "Good point Commander. Continue firing at will. Csalas made a really big error in judgement today and I intend to teach him the error of his ways, with my ships guns shoved down his proverbial throat."
"Aye sir," said Commander Hess happily as she relayed the Commodore's orders down through the chain of command.

