"He's moving to intercept a group of twelve light freighters, they are moving in on a collision course. He's positioned his own ship in their path and is engaging them," reported Commander Hess as the Surprise opened up with its main turbolaser batteries, even as its point defence laser cannons flashed with green streams of fire against incoming missiles intended for the Challenger. Several of the light freighters were destroyed, but three still managed to get through and rammed into the escort frigate. The first one crashed into the bow and temporarily overloaded the shields, which let the second one ram amidships, right where the connecting spar met the forward hull, while the third crashed into the engineering section, which luckily had independent shield generators which saved the ship from destruction, but left the Surprise damaged.
Seconds later the missile barrage was finally over, but there was another problem. The pirates had closed the distance. With the suddenness of a lightning strike several angry red turbolaser barrages hammered the Surprise and blew the hole made by the light freighter in the side wider still, until the connecting spar broke off from the forward hull. Several secondary explosions went along the hull from the hole and turbolaser blasts blew more fiery craters in the ship's hull. The escort frigate began to careen out of control as the two separated sections were being blasted, the forward section more so than the engineering section as escape pods and shuttles began evacuating the ship and headed for the closest ship, which happened to be the Challenger.
Everyone on the bridge could only look on in horror as they watched their comrades sacrifice, but they soon had more pressing matters as the remains of the Surprise exploded and rained down a large amount of debris upon the Challenger and several other ships surrounding the destroyed escort frigate. The shields flared a brilliant blue as debris impacted and the strain on the shields was almost back breaking and several alarms sounded, which prompted a call from engineering.
"Engineering to bridge, what the hell is going on up there? The shields are taking an awful strain," said Chief Engineer Ganto in a very stressed out tone.
"One of our own ships just exploded practically right next to us," said Commander Hess before the Commodore could respond. "Just take care of engineering, we've got our hands full up here," she commanded quite forcefully. "All batteries return fire. Get the bastard that destroyed the Surprise!"
"Helm, turn us bow on towards that Providence class carrier, make sure all our forward facing batteries has a clear shot at it!" Commodore Hawks ordered and the helmsman complied.
As fast as the thrusters could fire the ship turned its bow towards the offending enemy warship, then unleashed a hail of turbolaser fire as the bow chasers fired and hit the carrier's main shield generators. Explosions rippled across the hull as blue turbolaser fire struck in fiery vengeance, though it gave as good as it got. Red turbolaser fire also rained down upon the Challenger, but not just from that one ship, but from every pirate ship in range. 
"Sir, that Providence is closing in on us. I think it's trying for a broadside run. Also I've managed to identify it. According to Imperial records it's called the Tempo Diablo, last seen during the Clone Wars at the Battle of Coruscant, one of the few Separatist heavy warships to survive," reported a technician in the crew pit to Commander Hess.
"Which side is it heading towards?" she asked.
"They'll be along our portside in less than two minutes."
As quick as a flash Commander Hess keyed in the PA system. "All hands, brace for heavy fire, all marines prepare to counter boarding parties. Flight deck, any fighters you've got ready to launch, you've got one minute before we have to close the main doors, so you've got to kick'em out!" she commanded.
