Chapter 8: Pirate Hunting
Cloud Base, Bespin
Six months later.
In the C&C of Cloud Base a worried Admiral Rod was in conference with a number of admirals charge the Outer Rim Territories via holographic transmission around the central holo-tank. None of the others were worried at all, except for one. Admiral Wullf Yularen of Imperial Intelligence had a blank face, but Admiral Rod had enough experience reading the man's body language that he too was worried.
"With all due respect gentlemen, I believe it is too soon to declare victory," stated Admiral Rod. "We have destroyed a large number of the Outer Rim's pirate lords and ladies, but we still haven't captured Csalas, even though we have taken out his two gravity well projector equipped Bulwark class cruisers, he is still a dangerous man, and is now actively on the run."
"The man may be on the run, but sooner or later we will catch up to him," said one of the admirals. "There are only so many places to hide, and sooner or later he is going to need fuel to keep his fleet running."
"Don't forget that the man has made a deal with the Hutt Cartels," Admiral Yularen reminded them. "We have evidence that he is being supported by them and most likely has several safe houses and bases he could retreat to, and we have never been able to tag one of his ships successfully with tracking beacons."
"Which is why I suggest we keep my battle groups in the field and patrolling along the systems adjacent to the main shipping lanes. He has more than enough ships to cause several planets some major damage, particularly the smaller colony worlds out in Mid-Rim and the Outer Rim."
The others could only nod in agreement to this. The Emperor had given them the mission of hunting down all the remnants of the Separatist fleets, and for the most part they had been successful, but there was still that annoying thorn in their sides, Arulo Csalas, to contend with. He didn't have the largest fleet, only numbering in a total of thirty known ships, but he was the most successful, and had the annoying habit of attacking at just the wrong time. 
Suddenly warning signals sounded from the holo-tank, and several blinking lights went out. Simultaneously. 
"Report!" Admiral Rod barked, and immediately the C&C became a mad house of activity as several techs began to run diagnostics and double checked their results, and when they all came back with no sign of malfunction the admiral's aide came up to him.
"Sir, it's confirmed! We have just lost multiple signals from the convoy tracking devices. They've all gone silent."
"How many?" Admiral Yularen asked in near shock.
"A hundred and seventy five signals went dark, that's roughly ten different convoys that went off the grid simultaneously. This is a huge coordinated attack, and not enough battle groups are in range to cover them all. We're going to lose a few," the aide said in sorrow.
"Then we'll save as many as we can!" stated the admiral with conviction.
