The dragon flew far away into the distance after it made its dive until it could barely be seen, then exploded in a cacophony of light and sound, colouring the horizon with all the colours of the rainbow, and everyone applauded the display in awe of the show that the Queen had put on for them.
With a sweeping gesture the queen continued, "If everyone would join me in the ballroom, the dance shall begin!" 
Naboo, 
Theed Royal Palace
Ballroom
Minutes later everyone was gathered in the ballroom. It was a vast circular chamber within the palace with a high domed ceiling with a number of crystal chandeliers floating in midair with a central light source within each one that cast a shimmering light and created a vast kaleidoscope of colours that reflected off the shimmering white marble walls and high up the curving walls were a number of tall mirrors that reflected the light back again to the dance-floor.
The dance itself was opened by the queen herself with her current suitor, a young nobleman, and everyone joined their dance partners. Jack was not comfortable at all in this setting. The music was not something he was used to, and the atmosphere was stifling. Too many stuffed shirts and not enough genuine fun, but he was ordered to come here by his superior officer and it did have its perks at least. He loosened himself from Mirialia and Kayla and extended his hand in an invitation to dance to Mirialia. At Kayla's confused look he quietly said, "Begin looking around for your hidden friends. See if they are anywhere close."
She nodded and moved away, heading for the any dark spots she could possibly conceal herself in as she began to extend her senses to search for any Jedi that might be hiding in the palace, possibly hidden in plain sight as guards or servants.
In the meantime Jack and Mirialia began to dance a simple waltz through the crowd of dancers, both surprised by the grace and skill they both showed each other.
"I didn't know you could dance," said Mirialia in surprise.
"I'm a man of many talents," he answered with a playful smile as they continued to dance.
In the meantime Kayla mingled with the other guests, her senses at maximum sensitivity. As all three of them suspected no one paid much notice to the exotic slave walking among them, and those that did notice was only interested in her enticing form and not truly questioning her presence. She soon sensed a familiar presence, but did not immediately recognise it. The presence revealed itself to be the young nobleman dancing with the queen. He was roughly the same age as Queen Apailana, with light brown hair and wore maroon robes customary of Naboo royalty.
Her eyes narrowed in suspicion as she searched her memory for people she may have known or have seen in her years, but she just couldn't place his face.
"I see you have recognised one of your own," said a rather quiet, yet masculine voice right next to her left ear. She froze for several seconds, since she had not sensed his presence at all until he began speaking to her. 
