"I'll get it up there," the servant replied as he took the case and set off towards the ballroom, following the helpful signs that lined the many walkways and tunnels. He soon came to a flight of stairs that would take him up behind the bar, out of sight from the guests. He grumbled to himself as he ascended the stairs. "This is a job for droids!" For a brief moment the air around him flickered and revealed beneath his holographic disguise his true appearance, a blue skinned duros with cold calculating red eyes that glowed with malevolence. "Next time I'll get a droid to do recon."
Soon enough he got up the flight of stairs and entered the ballroom bar, just in time to see one of his secondary targets was about to order a drink, the human Commander Mirialia Hess, and now that he was seeing her in person he could see why his employers wanted her captured, preferably alive. He also quickly spotted his primary target, Commodore Hawks, dancing with the queen of all things. He quickly set aside the case he was carrying behind the bar and moved towards the bar to serve her.
"What can I get you?" he asked politely. 
"Two glasses of wine please?" she requested.
"Coming right up!" He quickly brought up a pair of glasses and began to pour the wine into the glasses. As he poured he applied a wafer thin membrane underneath the base of the glasses, a tiny listening device so he could listen in on the Commodore's companions and anyone within a one metre radius. The Commander was absorbed in watching her commanding officer dancing and talking with the queen and never noticed the seemingly common bartender apply the listening devices.
"Your drinks madam?" the duros in disguise prodded lightly.
"Thank you," she replied shortly and stepped away from the bar, and took a quick sip from her glass as she walked back to her friend, the duros' second target he instantly recognised from Csalas's description on the chip he got on Nar Shadaa. He quickly put an earwig into his ear and remote activated the two listening devices. There was some static at first, then voices came in loud and clear. Without anyone noticing he slipped away and headed for a quiet little hideaway he had scoped out earlier, a little used storage closet deep in the bowels of the palace in the servants wing, and the holographic camouflage dropped away as its power source ran out of energy, revealing the bounty hunter Cad Bane in all his blue glory, with brown leather trench-coat, trousers and boots, sans his trademark hat which he had take off for this occasion.
He quickly fine-tuned the listening devices to amplify the voices of Commodore Hawks and his two companions so he could hear them clearly using sound bites provided by his employer of the Commodore and his companions' voices. The recordings of Hawks and Hess he could understand how Csalas could get, but how he got access to a recording of the commodore's twi'lek slave he couldn't even guess, but he was thankful for it as they made his job that little bit easier. 
Soon enough the conversation became interesting, after both Commander Hess and the twi'lek slave had fended off multiple suitors, the Commodore finally returned to them.
"You look as if someone shot your kath hound, what happened with the queen?" Commander Hess asked worriedly.
