They were led on a short tour of the palace by the butler, explaining the various pieces of artwork along the way to their suites, which ranged from beautiful statues to oil paintings, along with the spectacular architecture. Soon enough they were shown their suites, a pair of single bedroom apartments with a very luxurious feel to them, and both were connected via a removable wall which could effectively combine the two into one.
"If you like I could have the dividing wall removed," said Mister Garner.
"That will not be necessary," said Jack quickly to pre-empt the commander's angry outburst of such an invasion of her privacy.
"Very well sir! You should also note that these two suites share a bathroom, so I respectfully suggest that you knock every time before you use it," he said with a dignified poise. "I assume that your body servant will be staying in your suite, Commodore?" the butler asked politely.
"No, she'll be sleeping in the Commander's suite, but if anyone asks tell them that the twi'lek slave is sleeping in the same bed as me," said Jack with a pointed look at the butler, which brokered no argument.
"It will be as you say, sir. Your luggage has already been delivered to your rooms and the Festival of Lights begins at sundown, so you have plenty of time to get ready. Call me if you need anything."
"Thank you mister Garner," said Jack as the butler left, leaving behind Jack and his two companions who immediately began to help him unpack. As Jack was unpacking he groaned in annoyance. "I wish I didn't have to wear this damned dress uniform," he said as he fished out said dress uniform from his luggage and looked at it in undisguised loathing. "The damned thing is so tight and uncomfortable. Is there any way I can get away with just my duty uniform?" he asked his two female companions pleadingly.
"Sorry sir, but it is protocol for such functions to wear full dress uniforms. At least we female officers get to wear a dress," said Mirialia smiling, along with Kayla who hadn't seen him in his dress greys before. 
"I look forward to seeing you in your dress uniform Jack," said Kayla. "I bet you would look rather dashing in it."
"And I look forward to seeing the two of you in dresses. What exactly did you buy back on Corellia?" Jack asked.
"It's a surprise," said Mirialia with a smile as both she and Kayla sauntered off towards their own suite. Both added a little extra sway to their hips.
"I swear those two are going to be the death of me," said Jack as soon as the door closed behind the two and out of earshot.
Theed Royal Palace Courtyard
Just before sundown
Just before dusk began to settle in the west the guests began to pour out of the palace and into the courtyard, and Jack was waiting patiently outside his suite in his Dress Greys waiting for his two companions to come out. The first one out was Kayla who was dressed in a traditional twi'lek ceremonial dress, which was an all white outfit with a headdress that covered and restricted her lekku, silk veils that hugged her body contours, particularly around her bust and exposed a fair amount of cleavage, and a pair of white high heeled shoes that forced her into a constant elegant poise. Her outfit was definitely made to entice and enflame any male's libido.
