"Then why are you yelling at Master Vos loud enough for everyone to hear?"
The atmosphere became ever more tense as Shysanar's temper began to flare and Vos began to stare Shysanar down, hard!
"What's going on Master Vos?" Mekat asked nervously.
"Imperial Intelligence knows we're here. If you attack now you'll bring the entire empire down on our heads and we will all end up dead before the week is over, and this planet will fall under a military occupation and the queen will be deposed and replaced by a figurehead that will follow all of the empire's directives. Including  the oppression and enslavement of the gungans, is that what all of you want?" said Master Vos loudly to the crowd. 
The crowd became quiet and sombre as they took a moment to think about what they were about to do, and the possible consequences. However Shysanar wasn't going to let go.
"You cannot be serious. We must fight! We must show the galaxy that we are still here, willing to fight this regime and bring peace once more to the galaxy," he loudly proclaimed to the crowd, but no one offered any words or cheers to his declaration.
Master Vos could only shake his head in sadness at the young man's anger. "The war is long since over. The galaxy is exhausted and if we do this now, before the galaxy has properly recovered, we will be seen as nothing more than terrorists by the general public. Right now public support for the empire is at an all-time-high, and the best course of action right now is to lay low and prepare for the right moment to free it from Sith rule."
The crowd seemed unsure of what to do. Both arguments had their merits, but even the Jedi that had come with Shysanar were unsure.
This seemed to just make Shysanar's blood boil. "What are we waiting for? We are supposed to be freeing this planet!"
"From what?" Master Vos asked. "So far all the empire has stationed is a small garrison for planetary defence and currently has done nothing, but stayed out of local matters that are handled by local police and security forces. This is not the Jedi way, and we will accomplish nothing with this attack. Everyone should just go home. We need to evacuate the padawans, knights and masters in hiding here before the empire comes looking for us!" Master Vos concluded. 
After a few more looks between themselves the gungans began to disperse and retreated back into the deep swamps while the Jedi came forward, except for Shysanar. 
"Where are you going? Come back here!" 
"Wesa goin home. The older Jedi is right. We cannot fight the empire now, but wesa know time will prove the Jedi right. I wish you luck, Jedi," the gungan general stated before he disappeared into the jungle.
"Looks like you just lost your support!" Master Vos commented lightly, relieved that the disaster had been averted. "Now come, we have much work to do if we are to leave this planet undetected, and very little time to do it."
"We could have freed this planet if you hadn't interfered!" stated Shysanar heatedly.
"And you would have only held the planet for about a day before the empire came and took this planet back. Let's get back to the enclave!" he ordered, and the four Jedi followed him, with Shysanar following reluctantly.

