He quickly dove behind his bed and hoped that it would be enough to protect him from the blast, and barely a second later it went off. A deafening blast and scorching heat washed over his head, but he was still alive. Deafened and dazed he stood up and roughly aimed for the window, thankful that at least his eyes were still in perfect working order, as a duros in a big hat and leather trench-coat flew in on feet mounted jets.
"So, you're still alive. I'll just have to make sure you stay dead, Commodore!" the bounty hunter said, smiling evilly as he drew his pair of customized blasters and aimed. 
Jack didn't hear him, but he did recognise the duros before him as Cad Bane and everything seemed to slow down for him. With ingrained reflexes, honed over hours of practice drills with his marines, he aimed and fired his little blaster without hesitation and managed to score a hit on the flying bounty hunters left upper arm which sent him spinning into a wall with an annoyed grunt.
"So, your even tougher than you look," said Bane as he started blasting. 
Jack dove once again to the side just before the bounty hunter opened up on him, but was too slow this time as a blaster bolt hit him in his left leg. Red hot pain shot up his leg as he returned fire, which threw off his aim and missed his target, Bane's head, but instead hit the main light fixture, blacking out the room for a few precious seconds as Jack scrambled to find some sort of cover, and found some behind an overturned table. Soon enough both parties eyes adjusted to the darkness, the only source of light being the moonlight that filtered in through the short gaps in the drapes. 
"I enjoy a good hunt as the next bounty hunter, but you are definitely making me work for my money, unlike the two lovely ladies in the next room. I might just have a little fun with them before handing them over to my employer," he said with an evil grin.
Jack's hearing had recovered enough to hear that last part and his blood boiled. His hand tightened around his holdout blaster's grip, then he calmed himself as he checked his blaster's energy level. Enough for another couple of full powered blasts. He heard the bounty hunters jets roar to life as Bane took flight again, setting himself up to attack from above. Jack quickly rolled away from the table, just as Bane started shooting again, and Jack fired his two last shots, hitting centre of mass and Bane came crashing back down to the floor and rolled through the broken glass of the balcony doors.
Jack ran to get his own DC-17 blaster, before the bounty hunter could get up, but before they could continue their fight a squad of Naboo security guards barged into his suite with blasters at the ready and scanning for targets.
"There's an assassin outside on the balcony, shoot him!" Jack ordered shortly and immediately the guards opened up on Bane. Seeing his chance slip away the bounty hunter slipped over the balcony railing and fell a metre before activating his jets and sped off to safety, growling at himself at his failure. Jack and the guards ran onto the balcony and continued shooting at him, but he was long gone.
As the action ended and he began to come down from his adrenaline high Jack felt every little bit of pain from his wounds and began to collapse, only to be caught by a pair of guards.
"Relax sir, we've got you and medics are on the way," said one of the guards.

