"It's as bad as we feared. There is going to be an attack upon the local Imperial Garrison by local gungan and Jedi. The queen believes there is no time to get them to call it off, but she doesn't know that we have an ally in this ballroom, does she, Master Vos?" 
At that Bane's eyes widened in surprise as another voice he recognised from a confrontation with the Jedi during the Clone Wars joined in the conversation.
"Indeed! I have already sent word to my compatriots. There may be a few dissenters, but most of them were against this action. I am worried though that those few dissenters will not listen, and may just attack anyway."
"Leave that to me. Do you have the location of where the staging area is?" Bane wondered what the Commodore was planning.
"Yes, what do you intend to do?" Vos asked worriedly.
"Just leave them to me. If they don't see reason I'll have to call in the Retribution to conduct an orbit-to-surface bombardment!" 
Bane's eyes widened in surprise at the steel in the commodore's voice, having heard that Commodore Hawks was rumoured to be a big softie.
"You cannot be serious?" said Vos, clearly alarmed by the Commodore's statements. 
"As serious as a heart-attack. If they are not stopped a potential ally for the future could be lost!"
"And if you conduct an orbital bombardment you'll lose any possibility of support for any rebellion from any of the factions on this planet or anywhere else in the galaxy. Let me put a stop to this my way, before you unleash hell on this planet!"
Bane could not imagine what was going through the Commodore's mind, nor did he care. What he did care about was that this was evidence of his collusion with the Jedi, enough to put him away without necessitating him to kill him, plus when he inevitably escaped he might just get rehired to kill him, doubling or possibly tripling his profit margin, which made him pull his signature greedy grin, which got wider as he continued to listen in.
"Fine, we'll do it your way, but mark my words Vos there will be severe consequences if you fail to convince them."
"Oh the consequences are going to be most dire for you commodore once my employer has this recording of you conversing with that Jedi, which you so helpfully named, you will be the one in chains." He continued to listen in for a little bit longer.
"What are the chances of your former master convincing the gungans and the Jedi to call this off?" he heard the commodore ask.
"I'm not entirely sure. I do not know who they are or what they've been through, but I can tell you this. If they all felt the death screams as acutely as I did, then they are most likely extremely angry and would do anything to get back at the Empire and the clones who serve him!"
