"A slip of the tongue, that's all," she tried to excuse. 
"Maybe," Kayla acknowledged. "Or maybe it's a small piece of what you truly feel underneath that cold mask of yours escaping out into the light. You're not really a full on lesbian are you?" she asked directly, which made Mirialia stop dead in her tracks.
"What gave you that impression?" she asked surprised.
"Your general attitude towards most men, and that the only few men you've shown respect to is your commanding officer and your old friend Commander Ganto, and if I remember correctly scuttlebutt says that you nearly broke his arm the last time he touched you!"
Mirialia sighed in resignation at her friend's pointers. "It's true that I haven't been with a man in a while, a long while, and I've been seeking comfort from mostly women ever since the incident with Riskovat," she admitted with a slight sneer as she said her rapist's name. "Commodore Hawks is the man who saved my career, and he actually sees me as an equal, unlike some men who see me as just a sex object. Plus he's also an attractive man," she reluctantly acknowledged. 
"That he is," said Kayla in complete understanding.
Mirialia's face quickly turned mischievous. "So, have you been with him?"
"What?" Kayla asked in confusion.
"Well, you've spent most of your time pretending to be his body servant. Something must've happened between you two?"
Kayla became slightly nervous at her friend's assumption. "We've never gone that far," she said reluctantly. Mirialia looked at her in disbelief.
"Come on, you just agreed with me that he is an attractive man, plus you've been playing the part of servant for a long time, you sleep practically right next to him!" 
"I sleep in the servant's quarters that's joined directly to his stateroom. Sure, I have given him a rub down every once in a while after a very stressful day, but we've not gone any further than some light flirting there, a quick kiss or two here..." she trailed off and Mirialia looked at her twi'lek friend in disbelief.
"And he hasn't jumped you yet?" she asked incredulously.
"He's too noble for his own damned good," Kayla responded ruefully.
"Then he has shown just as much restraint as a Jedi!" Mirialia concluded.
"To both our detriment," Kayla lamented, then suddenly her eyes shot open and snapped towards the door to Jack's room. "He's in trouble!" she quickly stated as she made to get off the bed when suddenly a pair of silvery grenades shot in from an overhead ventilation vent and detonated between the two of them, unleashing a powerful concussive wave that knocked them both out before they could react.
Jack heard the twin explosions of the grenades and pulled out the small holdout blaster he kept under his pillow and scanned the room. He didn't see anything for a moment, but a sudden shattering of the glass balcony doors caught his attention. A small white sphere was lobbed in and Jack instantly recognised it for what it was. A frag grenade!
