“A few,” she said as they began walking towards the turbolift at the back of the 
main launch bay and entered one, heading up to the command bridge. 
“Some are just nightmares, creations of my own fears and bad memories, 
but others I feel are Force visions of what is happening in the galaxy, 
mostly to surviving Jedi, a dark figure in armour with a mask features most of all in my visions, 
sometimes in my nightmares, or perhaps visions, he is hunting me down.”

“Does he look anything like this?” asked Jack as he handed her a pad with a profile of a very recent public figure.

“That’s him, that’s the man from my nightmares and visions, wielding a red lightsabre, who is he?”

“His name is Darth Vader, the Emperor’s apprentice and general enforcer, 
as well as my boss’s boss’s boss, and has the potential to possibly make our lives 
extremely difficult, and probably end them with just a flick of his hand. 
He has the full support of the Emperor and he is the one in charge of hunting down whatever Jedi survived Order 66.”

Aayla studied the image of Darth Vader more closely. “In my dream this dark lord 
has an aura of malice, anger, but also sadness, it’s as if his very soul is being tortured, 
but he is unable to turn away from the dark side, he’s just too immersed in it to come back and survive. 
I believe he wants to die, but he has to obey his master.”

“So the man behind the mask is little more than an obedient attack dog,” said Jack.

“An attack dog with the dark side of the force at his command and most likely capable of 
ripping you apart with merely a thought, and the cunning to make anyone dance to his own tune,” said Kayla.

“That new defence system, what was it called, the CIWS network, seemed to be most effective,” said Kayla, 
quickly and seamlessly changing the subject, she had seen the mock fight from the Shipyard’s C&C.

“Yeah, wish we had something similar back in the day, would have probably saved a 
lot of lives if such a defence system were implemented as standard on all Republic ships 
back during the war,” said Jack as they entered the turbolift.

They took the turbolift up a couple of decks then walked a short distance to his quarters, 
with Kayla by his side. They entered and Kayla took in the Commodore’s quarters. 
It was a simple three room State Room, its size worthy of an Admiral, but tastefully decorated, 
the walls a simple off-white colour with a few paintings, two depicting this very ship, 
one before her refit, and another after, along with a couple of landscapes obviously of his native Corellia. 

