“Your quarters are right through there,” said Jack as he pointed out a side door 
that was almost invisible, a servant’s door. She looked for the door controls, 
but they were not easy to find, until she ran her hands along the sides of the door, 
and to the right hand side of it was a hand shaped depression. She placed her palm over it 
and with a soft, almost soundless, swish it opened up to a small set of quarters, 
mainly just a comfortable looking bed, a simple table and a wide assortment of pillows, 
plus another door that led to a small bathroom.

“This was originally meant for an Admiral’s steward, but since I was just a Captain, 
and I never requested one, so it’s never been used. Besides, this way we’ll be able to sell 
the idea that you are my personal attendant to any white coats that come snooping around,” said Jack 
with annoyance at the mention of the Emperor’s agents.

“White coats?”

“Agents from the Imperial Security Bureau, the Emperor’s new secret police within the military 
that has just recently formed, and a pain in the ass for just about every 
captain and Admiral in the fleet,” said Jack, his anger at the very idea of the ISB utterly disgusting him. 
“All to ensure the loyalty of his soldiers through fear, this damned Tarkin doctrine 
that most of the admiralty is getting behind of.”

“I’ve heard of it, certainly not something the Jedi Order would have approved of, 
ruling through fear and threatening every world that dissents with death and destruction,” said Kayla sadly.

Jack visibly pulled himself together then turned to leave. “You have free reign in 
both these quarters, use them however you wish, and I also have a first rate personal chef 
that you can call if you need anything,” said Jack before he left for the command bridge. 

Aayla spent a few moments looking around her small set of quarters then sat down on 
a large comfortable looking pillow in the middle of her room and began her meditation, 
finding her calm centre and looked into the Force, trying to get at least a glimpse 
of what is happening out in the wider galaxy, searching for her fellow Jedi, 
but her senses were still being clogged by the black shroud of the dark side, 
though it was fading and every now and then she could see a glimpse, 
but there was still too much darkness, too unbalanced, too skewed towards the Dark Side.
