“She wouldn’t be able to get very far in a damaged fighter like that and right now 
she’s trying to avoid both Republic and Separatist forces.”

“Please tell me you didn’t make a full report to Sector Command?” the Captain asked.

“No sir, I didn’t, however I can’t prevent anyone else from drawing the same conclusions 
as I did if they find this info,” said apologetically. 

“Well let’s just hope the Blood Crescent’s captain doesn’t have people as smart you, 
and hopefully she’ll be able to evade capture.”


The Turbolift doors opened on the habitation deck where the crew berthing were located, 
including Commander Hess’s and the Captain’s quarters. The Captain followed her to her
quarters, since it was on the way to his anyway.

“Thank you for escorting me Captain,” she said a little nervously. 

“Any time Commander,” he said reassuringly, the Commander had been under a lot of stress today
and was a little scared of what the future would hold now that the Jedi were gone, 
he himself felt a little trepidation at the thought of a galaxy without any Jedi. 
He continued on to his own quarters to collapse into his own rack, today had been a long day 
and he was more than ready for a little shut eye.

((((((((((The Dark Times))))))))))

The next day started out as any other day for the Captain. He woke up, got into his 
refresher unit and washed and dried himself, then got his uniform on, then headed towards the 
Captain’s Mess where only the captain and a small number of officers were allowed and today 
he was playing host to almost his entire senior staff, most notably his Executive officer 
Commander Mirialia Hess, Chief Engineer Commander Rikard Ganto, Chief Medical Officer 
Doctor Victor Magellan and Clone Commander Max. 

Things were tense this morning as just about everyone felt a little leery of the 
Clone that commanded the ship’s marine contingent and could probably take the ship 
with little difficulty if he wanted to. Commander Max took it in stride, 
knowing that at least from this crew he and his brothers wouldn’t be getting a pat on the back
for their role in Order 66.
