In the Interceptor Jedi Master Aayla Secura had been waiting for death for several hours now. 
She had managed to get to the neutral star system, but she got jumped by a squadron of ARC 170s that
had been waiting for her. She managed to destroy all of them, but her fighter was finished, 
the last few shots from her laser cannons that destroyed her final attacker had drained
the last of her fighter’s energy, her hyperdrive rings had been destroyed and she was completely out of fuel.

She put herself into a deep meditative state, knowing that her heart beat would slow 
to a crawl and stretch out her oxygen supply for as long as possible. 
She believed that she was going to die, and had accepted that as a fact of life, 
all living things die; it’s just the timing and the circumstances that are unknown. 
She comforted herself with the thought that she was going to see all those that had died this day, 
but the Force it seems had a very different destiny for her.

She felt the light tug of the tractor beam locking onto her ship, but her mind was fogged
by the lack of oxygen and the loss of blood she had suffered from her recently reopened wounds, 
rendering her unable to fully comprehend what was happening to her until she saw the gaping maw 
of a huge Venator class Attack Cruiser’s fighter bay. Adrenaline surged through her veins, 
preparing for a fight, but found that blood loss and oxygen deprivation combined to make her body extremely sluggish.

“They found me, by the Force they found me and now they intend to finish the job,” she thought sluggishly 
to herself as she unclipped her lightsabre from her belt and gripped it tightly in her hands, 
though she felt that she didn’t have the strength to fight off everybody on the ship she 
did have the strength to give them a good fight.

Her fighter was gently guided in by the ship’s tractor beam crews, and then lowered down 
onto the deck of the hangar bay, where a medical team was standing by. 
With great haste the ground crew moved in and secured the fighter, checking over 
all of its vital systems and locking down any fuel or hydraulic leaks, then popped 
the cockpit hatch open. Suddenly, with a snap hiss, a lightsabre sprang to life under 
the chin of one of the technicians that had just popped open the hatch of her fighter.

“What ship is this?” she asked, the steel in her voice told the tech that this woman was not to be trifle with.

“You’re aboard the Challenger, Master Jedi, we just rescued you...” 
At those words she raised her lightsabre a little bit higher under his chin, not enough to burn flesh, 
but enough to start singeing the short growth of beard under his chin.
