“No sir, she’s barely worth being scrap metal.”

“Alright, have one of the shuttles tow it outside; we’ll use it for target practice.”

“Sir?” The chief was bewildered.

“I think our gunners could use the practice of trying to hit a tiny target at extremely long range, don’t you think?”

“Aye sir, I’ll have it towed outside in a few minutes.”

“Very good, I’ll be on the bridge.” 

The Jedi Interceptor was quickly towed out of the hangar bay and into deep space, 
placing it several thousand kilometres away from the Challenger.

On the bridge Captain Hawks looked over his gunnery officers in the crew pit and gave them a small smile.

“Today I have a little test of your skills for you. A target has been uploaded to your consoles. 
It is a heavily damaged Jedi Interceptor and the goal of this test is to see how good your 
targeting skills are at extreme range. You will not be using the targeting computer, 
you will aim and target manually. The guns you’ll be using will be the main guns 
set to long range precision fire mode. The gunner that hits and destroys the target first gets a week of paid leave.”

The gunners all smiled at this and they were all determined to get that leave, 
it was very rare that they ever got any kind of leave, and paid leave was the best kind.

They quickly went into action, painted the target and aimed the Challenger’s main guns, 
which would normally be considered overkill by most standards, Jack wanted that ship vaporized.

The gunners had aligned their guns towards the target and waited for permission to open fire, 
constantly making small corrections to keep their guns correctly aligned with their target.

“Fire at will,” he said, and the gunners responded with ripple of weapons fire, 
sending full powered Turbolaser shots downrange. All of the first shots missed as a 
thruster on the fighter malfunctioned and moved it slightly. 
Hot on their target’s tail they shifted their fire and they finally hit, the first hit was merely a glancing blow, but the second hit dead on, blowing it apart into fragments, and the fragments got vaporized by the rest. 

A young gunner whooped in delight as he got the shot that blew it into fragments, 
the others groaned at only getting a glancing blow and vaporizing a few fragments.

“Who’s the winner, Commander Hess?” Jack asked.

“Lieutenant Darren Kyle, sir, a very promising officer and an excellent gunner,” she replied.

“Pay him Commander then put us back on course for Coruscant, best speed.”

“Aye sir, helm you heard the order, full speed for Coruscant.”

The Challenger made a smooth turn in the right direction, accelerated and disappeared into Hyperspace, its future uncertain as it headed towards the city planet of Coruscant.

