The marine thought it over and decided to bump this up straight to the top. He like all of the clones in the Challenger battle group didn't believe that Order 66 was right, but this Jedi he knew had committed cold blooded murder that day and had obviously fallen to the dark side, but seeing her in such a state he couldn't help but pity her.
"Alright, I'll contact my commanding officer and let him deal with this. You're damned lucky that it is us that found you, otherwise your friend and yourself would be pumped full of plasma without hesitation," the sergeant said as he keyed his wrist-com. "Commander Max this is Sergeant Quad9, we seem to have found Csalas's little harem, one of them appears to be the murderer Barris Offee, and a number of the slaves requires medical attention, not to mention some decent clothes. Requesting instructions!"
"Osik, I was hoping not to have to deal with such things. I'll inform the Commodore, he can sort this out, in the meantime bring them over to the Challenger for medical attention," Commander Max ordered in irritation.
The marines relaxed their stance and the sergeant gestured with his blaster. "Come on, we'll take you down to the hangar, there's a shuttle coming over with more troops, we'll catch a ride over to the Challenger on that, then we'll let the Commodore decide what to do with you!"
The group began moving towards the hangar deck only a few decks above. While they were being moved Barris turned towards her old friend. "Ahsoka are you sure that this was a good idea?" she asked fearfully.
Ahsoka took a careful look at the squad of marines escorting them and reached out with her senses. She could feel their hostility towards Barris, but they didn't harbour any for her or any of the slaves, only indifference, or in one or two cases a little bit of attraction. "We don't have much choice, and if it hasn't escaped your notice we're unarmed, heavily drugged and barely able to walk, much less put up a fight against a full squad of eight clone marines," she pointedly reminded her companion. 
Both were using the Force to flush the chemicals from their systems, but since they were not in an active healing trance it wasn't working as fast. Barris could only respond with near silent sobs as she leaned heavily upon Ahsoka for support, but even with her dulled senses she could still sense Ahsoka's feelings of betrayal and distrust of her, which only strengthened her own feelings of despair.
INS Challenger
Sickbay
Kayla walked into the still hectic sickbay, having been summoned by Commodore Hawks and the CMO to meet some of their latest guests. Kayla was curious since she had never been summoned to meet anyone since coming aboard, except to the Commodore's quarters to serve him, which day by day she had come to not only be a part of her cover, but also something she enjoyed more and more each day.
She asked one of the young nurses where the doctor and Commodore were and was directed towards a private ward, thanked the nurse and moved on towards her destination. She quickly saw why she had been summoned. On two separate beds were the near naked forms of Ahsoka Tano and Barris Offee, while on another set of beds along the far side of the ward were five twi'leks of various skin tones, but her attention was focused upon her two former Jedi comrades. Both looked worse for wear and Doctor Magellan had put a set of IV lines into the Jedi's veins, drawing and infusing blood into both.

