"Let that be a lesson to all who would attempt to defy me!" said Csalas imperiously. "I have taken control of all of your battle droids. The only thing I require from you is your loyalty and your ability to command, but be warned. Any of you attempt to use your droids as Mar Tuuk just did, and you'll find that you've signed your own death certificates."
Every pirate captain in the room had a look of near terror upon their faces, except for one. A tall avian talortai with grey eyes and a silver-grey beak and a pair of large blades strapped to his back calmly stood, and then quite unexpectedly he chuckled. "I was wondering when you were going to kill that slimy neimoidian."
"You know me, Urai Fen. I milk everything I can from my resources, and he outlived his usefulness. If there is nothing else, let's start by going through what went wrong and what went right."
Everyone took their seats again, except for Urai Fen, who took up his rightful seat to Csalas's right hand side.
"As you are no doubt aware I lost almost all of the ships that went with me to engage Commodore Hawks' battle group. It is true that this is a serious setback, but not a lethal one. Even though we have suffered losses we still inflicted considerable damage to the enemy. I also commend you all for getting away with so few casualties as you did. Captain Fen, what sort of damage did your forces exact against the Concordia battle group?" Csalas asked of the avian as his fleshy part of his beak turned up slightly in a smile.
"We also were successful in inflicting damage upon the enemy, though not as much as you were able to. We destroyed most of their escorts, but the three main line ships, the Victory class destroyers Gladius and Gorgon, and the Venator class attack cruiser Concordia are still operational, if a bit singed around the edges. I suggest we stick to raiding the Outer Rim Territories, a lot less of a chance of being tracked and some of the younger frontier colonies are ripe for the taking," the old blood thirsty avian said cruelly.
Csalas took a few minutes to ponder his right hand avian's proposal. He so desperately wanted to make Commodore Hawks pay for what he did to him, but it was time that he got practical. "Very well. We'll concentrate on the Outer Rim and stay away from the Mid-Rim for a while, just until we can rebuild our forces and begin our raids on imperial shipping again. I will be like taking candy from a baby, and we will make so much profit," he said smiling, and the other captains smiled too, no wanting to garner the sometimes volatile former Separatist.
"Captain Csalas, there is a transmission coming through for you, it's Dosa the Hutt!" reported the bridge communications tech.
"Great, well he was going to find out sooner or later. Put him through to down here," said the captain. The lights in the conference room dimmed significantly, and then a blue-hued hologram of a fat hutt with a fez on top of his head with a long pipe sticking out of his mouth with a silver plated protocol droid standing next to him came to life in the centre of the circular conference table.
"Mighty Dosa, what can the Brotherhood of Pirates do for you?" Csalas asked with a mock bow of his head.
Dosa looked around and began speaking in the ancient huttese language, which these days could only be translated by protocol droids. "The mighty Dosa asks why there are now so few of the brotherhood?"
