He studied them closer and noticed a clone take two direct hits to the chest from a blaster wielded by a commando droid, but all they did was knock him down and then he managed to get back up and into cover again. Csalas quickly went back to the video frames that showed the impacts and noticed a slight blue glow that radiated from the impact points, but still the armour was burned, but the impact was severely weakened. Some kind of ray shield, not a very powerful one, but strong enough to protect the wearer for at least a couple of shots. That's really expensive tech, not commonly used by regular stormtroopers. The Commodore cares about his troops. 
His assumption was backed up by the slackening of fire from the Challenge. They had only fired upon the shield generators and the external weapons blisters, and since their failed attempt to destroy the bridge, with him along with it, they hadn't hit anywhere close to the bridge. 
"He definitely cares about his troops!" "What's our weapons status?"
"We have lost most of our primary turbolaser batteries, flack guns and secondary laser cannons to enemy long range gun fire. I'd once again suggest retreat, but the ship's hyperdrive has been disabled," reported the tactical droid.
"Damn that bastard," he exclaimed with a hard slam of his arm on his command chair's armrest and explosively sighed. "Ready my escape ship. I'm leaving." With badly slumped shoulders he thumbed a few commands into his chair's controls then an opening in the deck opened up and he jumped into it as the tactical droid sent the captain's last command, just before blaster fire rang out in the corridor behind the bridge. Blast doors slammed shut to cover the entrance, preventing the clones from entering.
"Begin purging all databanks. The Empire must not find our master's safe houses," the tactical droid ordered.
With the Clones
The blast doors slammed shut several metres ahead of where Commander Max and his troops were fighting an enemy squad of ray-shielded droidekas and riot shield wielding commando droids.
"Commander, they've sealed the blast doors to the bridge," reported a marine as he ducked behind cover, narrowly missing a blaster bolt by a hair. "It's likely that they've sabotaged the controls as well. It'll take even longer for us to burn through that door."
Commander Max turned towards one of the R3s they had with them. "R3-D9, find a computer socket. Find out if Csalas is even in there!"
It chirped back in acknowledgement then trundled over to a nearby room, a security station and armoury, and plugged itself in as the clones fought on.
"Droid poppers," called out a clone over their helmet comm. and carefully rolled a trio of EMP grenades amongst the droidekas feet. All three rolled perfectly until the ship was rocked heavily by a weapons impact and scattered the grenades. Two of them still detonated within the shields of two of the three droidekas, but the last was knocked off course and went off amongst the commando droids which dropped down to the ground like puppets with their strings cut, leaving only one shielded droideka to guard the entrance. 
