The doctor was at a nearby diagnostic console and was shaking his head in disbelief at some results that were running across his screen. "Unbelievable. I heard that Csalas was twisted, but this is on a whole new level," said the good doctor,
"What did he drug them with?" Jack asked.
"A mixture of Glitterstim and Carsunum Spice along with a few other chemicals that should never be combined with these two narcotics. Basically he's got them addicted to a drug that's supposed to make them receptive to suggestion and increase arousal. He's got them all hooked on it, and their recovery is not going to be pleasant, to say the least. I anticipate the withdrawal symptoms are going to be particularly acute," the doctor answered as he moved to Barris's bedside. "This one it seems is going to be the worst one off. She's been on it the longest," Doctor Magellan explained as he looked back to Jack.
Jack quickly noticed Kayla's presence. "Kayla, I assume you recognise these two?" he asked, with a pointed glare at Barris.
"Yes, they are Ahsoka Tano and Barris Offee. Miss Offee was sentenced to life imprisonment for her actions, pending her ability to reform and turn back towards the light. Ahsoka left the Order at the same time as Miss Offee was imprisoned. From what I heard she left because the Council didn't trust her and she felt that her place was no longer amongst us. I don't know exactly what happened after that, it was not long before I took command of the Felucian campaign so I didn't see either of them after that."
"Well, now we know where they ended up. I want you to stay close and talk to them. A familiar face might get them to open up more than someone like me or Doctor Magellan," said Jack, and Kayla acquiesced with a nod of her head. Kayla could feel that, while he harboured no hostility to Ahsoka or any of the slaves, when it came to Barris she could feel an intense distrust, an emotion she also felt considering her actions at the temple, something she would bring up later, in private.
"Doctor when will they regain consciousness?" she asked.
"It may be a few more hours until they wake up, but since both are in a healing trance at the moment, which is accelerating the healing process exponentially, they could wake up at any time."
"Very well." Kayla took a seat between both of Ahsoka's and Barris's beds and laid her hands on their respective shoulders. "I shall add my power to theirs, and accelerate their healing." She closed her eyes and relaxed her body, crossed her legs and focused her energies on healing her two former comrades, allowing the Force to guide her in her desire to help heal them. All sights, sounds and sensations fell away from her mind as she focused herself in meditation. She wasn't the most skilled in Force Healing, but she would do what she could.
"I'll be on the command bridge, make sure those girls make a full recovery. I've got a lot of questions for them," said Jack as he turned away and marched out of sickbay. Doctor Magellan shook his head in exasperation as the man he considered a nephew left. That young man never did cope with dealing with people whom had hurt his friends.
