"Pour it on boys, that thing's shields can't hold forever," the Commander called out as he reset his blaster to full auto and continuously fired hot plasma into the rapidly weakening shields, along with every other clone. Soon enough the amount of fire the droideka was taking was too much and its batteries gave out as they gave the last of their energy to the blaster cannons and it fired several quick bursts after the shield dropped, blasting one of the marines in the legs and chest before it was reduced to molten slag. 
The team medic ran over to the fallen marine and checked him over. Commander Max looked back and the medic gave only a sad shake of the head. 
Commander Max roughly sighed. "Leave the body. We can come back for it later."
An electronic chirping sounded from the nearby armoury and security station and translated droid speak appeared on Commander Max's helmet HUD. "Damn it, Csalas isn't on the bridge, he's headed for some escape craft of his several decks down," he said angrily. Max quickly went through the different options he had. "It's too late for us to go after him, let's just secure the bridge and hopefully stop him from launching from there. Wrecker, get those breaching charges set up!"
"You want a simple breach, bedlam or total destruction?" the boarding party's demolitions man asked excitedly.
"Hmmm, so many good choices," Max mused. "I'll take option one and two, we need the bridge intact!"
With a slightly disappointed shrug the demolitions man got to work on applying the specialised breaching charge. He first sprayed on chemical foam in a rough circle then added lines radiating into the centre and placed a square detonator where the lines intersected then stood a good couple of metres away to the side of the door with a remote in his hand. You could practically hear the grin upon his face as he happily said, "Fire in the hole!" and flipped the switch. 
The foam near instantly heated up to an extreme temperature to become white hot and rapidly melted through the tough blast door, then exploded as the tiny packets of explosives inside the foam detonated, shattering the weakened door inward and scattered shrapnel all over the bridge, catching several droids inside by surprise.
Max took a quick look inside and audibly groaned in exasperation. "I asked for a simple breach and a little bedlam, not total destruction!"
"He, he, whoops, used a little too much," said the demo expert as a small number of B1 battle droids tried to make a stand.
"Blast those droids!" He commanded as he and his men stormed the bridge and quickly took out what remaining droids were on the bridge with rapid and precise blaster shots. The tactical droid, which had been hit by a large piece of shrapnel in the back, tried to get up to fight back, but was quickly disabled by a quick jab to the neck by one of Max's gauntlet mounted vibro-blades, rendering it immobile.
"D9, get over here and plug into the ship's main control system, shut down all of the onboard droids!"
The little astromech quickly trundled up to the closest bridge socket then plugged itself in and began to execute the commander's order. Seconds later, after D9 hacked its way through the ship's computer firewalls, the battalions worth of droids aboard shut down, except for a few who were on a separate network. Seconds later there was a short rumble of explosions, which sounded as if they came from the lower decks.
"What the hell was that?" Commander Max exclaimed.
