"Captain Digger, you'll be in charge of taking control of the Lucrehulk battleship designated L1, Captain Cutter you'll be in charge of taking L2, while I will be taking the big prize, the Merchants Terror," Commander Max said after he moved over to a nearby holo-tank that they used for planning sessions. "Your way of entry will be by Nu class assault shuttles. You'll burn your way into the hull and fight your way to the command decks, blast everything that moves, but also check your fire, we don't want to set off any heavy ordinance that might be lying around, and you've all heard of Csalas's extracurricular activities. I believe I don't need to remind you about his activities?"
They all nodded in acknowledgment, remembering what they had found on previous boarding actions of Csalas's freighters in previous engagements.
"Alright boys, let's get to our boarding craft, and for the Force's sake, remember the rules of engagement!"
The ARC Troopers and marines saluted then moved with purpose as they put on their combat helmets checked that all of their sensors were working properly then followed their commander down the main hangar. Ninety clone troopers in locked step was a sight to behold as they marched towards their destination. Three Nu-class attack shuttles waited for them. All covered in a black material with silver highlights and armed with roof mounted missile launchers, similar to the LAAT/i, a pair of side-mounted laser cannons and single laser cannon guarded the rear.
They all rushed up the forward ramps and strapped themselves into the hull and centreline seats at the same time as the pilots and co-pilots made their final checks. Max was the last to board, and he made his way to the rear of the shuttle, checking over his men as he passed, happy to see that his men were ready, and then strapped himself in. The boarding ramp retracted then rose to form the forward hatch and sealed itself, and with a deep hum the shuttles repulsorlift engines lifted off from the deck, moved towards the ventral launch bay then dropped down from the Challenger and accelerated away, while a squadron of V-Wings flew point and began clearing a path.
Everybody was being jostled violently in their crash-webbing as the pilots threw the shuttle into some truly violent manoeuvres to avoid as much enemy fire as possible, but the shuttle still jarred sharply when a flak burst exploded a little too close for comfort. Max, his ARC Troopers and marines absolutely hated this part and wished that their delivery service would get them to their destination all the quicker. After several more minutes of jostling and jarring the pilots made the sweetest announcement to their ears.
"We're on final approach towards the target, standby to breach!"
"Alright boys, get ready," said Commander Max as he braced for impact, along with every trooper onboard. With a loud clang the mouth of the attack shuttle slammed hard into the hull and powerful shock absorbers took the brunt of the impact. With a hard seal established specialised cutting lasers began to burn their way through the hull then shaped charges vaporized the cut away section of the thinly skinned outer hull then began cutting into the far thicker and more durable inner armoured hull. 
Commander Max's ARC Troopers and marines unstrapped themselves from their seats and gripped their weapons, ready to enter the breach and end this battle. All of them wanted a piece of Captain Csalas, having seen the appalling conditions he had transported slaves of all races, including humans. Some of them were captured clone troopers from the war. 
