Merchants Terror
Boarding Party
The hallways of the Merchants Terror were eerily quiet, only the sound came from the near silent footfalls of the ARC Troopers and marines who prowled it's previously droid infested hallways. While Commander Max and the tech specialists remained behind on the bridge to coordinate the search of the ship, it fell to the squads of ARC Troopers and marines to conduct the visual inspection until the two R3 astromechs reprogram the onboard droids to be loyal to their side and make sure they stayed that way.
They had made a systematic sweep of the upper decks and have been working their way down to the lower decks. They were only a few dozen metres away from the previously hidden hangar bay that used to house Captain Csalas's escape ship when one of the squads searching the ship heard hushed voices ahead of them. The marines picked up speed and rapidly closed in on the voices and as the turned around the bend they got the surprise of their lives. There were seven exotic female aliens clothed in revealing garments, mostly near see-through silk cloth and minimal amounts of leather covering their privates. 
One was a togruta female, whom only looked to have just entered adulthood. Her body was of a near perfect specimen, a good balance between an athletic build with strong muscle tone and feminine curves and wore a gold and blue leather minimalist two piece bikini with soft dark blue sheer silk half skirt that wrapped around from her sides to her rear and extended down to behind her knees. The second was a mirialan with pale green skin and small diamond shaped tattoos that went from left cheek to right cheek across her nose and wore a similar outfit as the togruta, only a very dark green and gold and the skirt was solid green leather. The other five were twi'leks. Each had a different skin colour which were red, purple, pink, orange and blue and all of them had intricate and unique tattoos that crisscrossed their lekku and up and down their arms, legs and sides of their bodies in contrasting colours to their skin tones. The one thing the slaves each had in common was that they each had a slave collar on, but only the togruta and mirialan had considerable electrical burns, indicative of very difficult to break slaves. 
As soon as the marines saw the mirialan's facial tattoos the marines nearly shot her on sight, recognising her as the Jedi that was responsible for the bombing of the Jedi Temple only a year before Order 66, and for once these particular marines didn't feel any hesitance to carry out that particular order. The only thing that stayed their hand was the togruta who was standing between them and their target.
"Move aside ma'am, we've no quarrel with you, but this Jedi killed many of our brothers at the Jedi Temple, she deserves to be put to death!" the squad leader, Sergeant Quad9, or CT9999, said determined.
"And I will not allow you to harm my friend. She was truly not in her right mind when she committed those crimes and has paid for those crimes not just with prison time, but also by being sold into slavery. In prison she was kept away from the populace, but what Csalas did to us is beyond anything any true sentient being would want to inflict upon another. See his handiwork for what it is," said the togruta hotly as she turned slightly, still keeping her own body between the clones and the mirialan, and tugged down on the mirialan's slave collar and wrist braces, revealing far worse electrical burns around the neck and wrists, plus injection sites along her right inner arm where Csalas had pumped chemicals into her to make her more compliant, which was still in her system evident by the way she swayed slightly and not quite one hundred percent steady on her feet. 

