From a side door a young yeoman came in and whispered something in Commander Hess’s ear. 
She nodded and ordered the young man to turn on the main monitor, which normally just showed an artist’s
impression of the Challenger. It was now depicting a speech that was being made by the Chancellor in the Senate.

“The Jedi, and some within our own Senate, had conspired to create the shadow of separatism 
using one of their own as the enemy's leader… The Jedi hoped to unleash their destructive power 
against the Republic by assassinating the head of government and usurping control of the clone army.
But the aims of would-be tyrants were valiantly opposed by those without elitist, dangerous powers.
Our loyal clone troopers contained the insurrection within the Jedi Temple and quelled uprisings
on a thousand worlds… The remaining Jedi will be hunted down and defeated. 
Any collaborators will suffer the same fate.”

A shiver passed down everybody’s spine, knowing that the Jedi Order was now considered enemies of the Republic.

“These have been trying times, but we have passed the test. The attempt on my life has left 
me scarred and deformed, but I assure you my resolve has never been stronger. 
The war is over. The Separatists have been defeated, and the Jedi rebellion has been foiled. 
We stand on the threshold of a new beginning.”

“Is the crew watching this?” Jack asked Commander Hess.

“Yes sir, the entire galaxy with a connection to the Holonet is watching this,” 
she answered, fear clearly tinged her voice.

“In order to ensure our security and continuing stability, the Republic will be reorganized 
into the first Galactic Empire, for a safe and secure society, which I assure you will last
for ten thousand years, an Empire that will continue to be ruled by this august body 
and a sovereign ruler chosen for life. An Empire ruled by the majority, ruled by a new constitution.”

Jack watched the reactions of all his officers, however he concentrated most of his attention on 
Commander Max whom commanded the ship’s Clone marines and fighter pilots, and could most
likely take the ship with very little effort and turn them in as traitors, 
but Max’s face was an unreadable mask, not a single emotion could be read as he listened to the Chancellor’s speech.

