“The Republic just betrayed me and every Jedi in the Order; I felt the death screams 
of all of them through the Force, and now silenced.” Her strength started to waver. 
“If you are here to kill me just do it.” She then promptly collapsed back into her seat 
and deactivated her lightsabre, turning it off was the last thing she consciously did 
before the sweet embrace of unconsciousness claimed her.

The tech took the weapon from her as the medical team got her out of her fighter 
and took a good long look at it, a simple and beautifully crafted weapon it shone 
in the light from the overhead lights. As the medics got her on a stretcher he put 
the weapon on it with her before she was rushed off to the sickbay then he got back
to checking out her fighter.

The medical team rushed her through the various hallways and a turbolift to get to sickbay, 
not slowing down for a second because of the amount of blood that she was bleeding, 
and if they didn’t get her to sickbay soon she would die. She went into cardiac arrest 
once and they had to do heart compressions while still racing through the hallways 
just to keep her heart going, just long enough for her to get into sick bay. 
When she arrived she was near death and Doctor Magellan and his team began stripping her 
of what was left of her clothes and unceremoniously dumped her into the Bacta tank. 
Within minutes the Bacta began its work, her lifesigns stabilized 
and she was out of immediate danger, the clear bluish white fluid 
improving and quickening the healing process.

((((((((((The Dark Times))))))))))

Captain Hawks meanwhile had just come down to the main fighter bay, 
right after Master Secura had been rushed off to sickbay for an appointment with a Bacta tank, 
he was looking over Master Secura’s fighter, he hadn’t seen many of the customized Eta-2s 
that the Jedi used and he was curious. What he saw didn’t impress him much. 
Both of the S-foils had been blown off, lots of carbon scoring across the hull and only one intact laser cannon. 

He quickly found the deck chief in charge of the fighter, who was shaking his head in resignation
at the very sorry state of Secura’s fighter.

“So, what’s the verdict, Chief?” Captain Hawks asked.

The young deck chief started in surprise at the Captain’s question then visibly calmed down.

“Well sir, if it had been a Thranta I’d have put it down,” said the Alderaanian chief.

“No way you could salvage it?”
