“Well, that’s at least one Jedi survivor the Chancellor would have us hunt down,” he said dejectedly, 
not looking forward to the day he may have to give the order to kill her or any other Jedi.

Jack took another look at the report.

“Were the pilots that went after her rookies or something?” he asked, 
not really believing that a single fighter could win against four V-wing interceptors 
piloted by experienced combat veterans.

“No sir, but I did take a look into General Secura’s file and she is an excellent pilot, not in Skywalker’s league, but certainly better than any Clone pilot, especially if she used the Force to heighten her reflexes.”

Jack nodded at that. While Clones were excellent pilots 
they just weren’t in the same league as a Jedi when it came to piloting a fighter in combat. 

“The Black Crescent’s report also said that another CAP flight, one of ours, 
managed to intercept her just before she jumped to light speed. 
They also plotted every possible destination along her last known trajectory, 
and taking into account of everything in range of that ship of hers,
it spat out dozens of possibilities, like trying to find a needle in an astronomically large haystack.” 
She showed him the possible destinations on a data pad.

“That’s a lot of space to search,” Captain Hawks noted.

“But not impossible sir, but my guess is she would probably head for here,” said Commander Hess,
pointing to a star system not too far away.

“Why that one Commander?” he asked.

“Because it’s a neutral system and has a fully equipped space port more than capable 
of servicing her fighter’s hyperdrive rings, also I took a closer look at our fighters combat records
and it seems that one or more of them managed to get in a few lucky shots at long range, 
impacting one of the motivators and one of the fuel tanks,” she said, pointing out the damage 
on the data pad that now showed a picture of Master Secura’s fighter with hyperdrive rings, 
pointing to a number of red dots that signified a hit.

