The next day he was rudely awakened by the ship’s intercom, the Republic engineers 
responsible for designing the damned system had chosen one of the loudest and most 
annoying of all tones possible and Jack was quite vehemently cursing them 
and the person calling him right now as he struggled to get out of his bunk.

“Yes, what is it?”

“I’m sorry to disturb you sir, but we’ve almost arrived at Corellia, you wanted me to call you 
an hour before our arrival,” Commander Hess said sweetly.

“Yes, very good Commander, I’ll be up there soon,” he said grumpily as he got into his fresher unit, 
feeling slightly more human afterwards as he put his uniform on and headed up to the Command Bridge. 
They were still in Hyperspace as evidenced by the swirling blue vortex outside the forward viewports 
and his xo was her usual attentive self, while the Commodore still looked like he had just gotten out of bed.

“Your just in time, sir, we’re just about to come out of Hyperspace,” she reported, 
looking all too cheerful for Jack’s tastes.

“You seem to be in high spirits.”

“Well it’s the first time I’ve returned home in little over two years 
and you’ve got to be excited about going home as well?”

“Yes, I am,” he said as he gazed out the forward viewport, waiting for a sight he hadn’t seen 
in almost two years of warfare.

“Sir, pardon me for saying so, but you look like crap.”

“I had trouble sleeping last night, bad dreams.”

When he didn’t elaborate Commander Hess chose not to push the issue, 
not wanting to ruin her commanding officer’s homecoming. From one of the side-turbolifts 
Aayla Secura stepped onto the bridge, physically fully healed, but still far from alright mentally. 
She approached the two officers from behind and waited quietly for the transition from Hyperspace 
to Normal space, neither noticed her arrival on the command bridge. 

Seconds later they dropped out of Hyperspace just outside an asteroid field, 
the asteroids moved erratically inside the field, crashing into each other again and again at random. 
Just outside the view ports to the left was a large space station. 
A spherical main section that housed the main reactor and production facilities, 
a habitat ring emulating old pre-artificial gravity designs with ten thick arms 
sticking straight out with ten dry docks each, each one of them capable of 
taking a ship the size of Imperator class Star Destroyer.
