“Because I don’t trust the Emperor, and your father has agreed to have me, 
I’d rather work for him than the empire,” Blissex answered.

“But you designed the Victory class Star Destroyer, the V-Wing starfighter 
and your redesigning the Challenger,” Commander Hess challenged.

“Those were meant to be used by the Republic to protect the peace, 
not be tools for a dictator who is quickly turning what once was a shining beacon of 
civilization into a police state, curbing more and more freedoms everyday and I will not 
be party to that,” Blissex said vehemently. After he calmed down for a second he nodded to Hal 
who activated the built in holo-projector in the conference table.

“This is a representation of what your ship looks like today, very reminiscent of a standard Venator, 
just a lot bigger and slightly more heavily armed,” Blissex said as the hologram of the 
Challenger spun in midair. “It is a good solid design; however she still has some weaknesses, 
particularly the open-space landing deck, it doesn’t have the ability to seal off 
damaged sections of itself in case of massive damage or fire, and force-fields are not 
reliable enough to counter such things.”

The image shifted and the Challenger appeared again, this time heavily modified with 
smaller holograms surrounding it, highlighting different sections of the ship.

“I propose that we refit the Challenger with these modifications. New triple barrelled 
turbolaser batteries, four beam turbolasers, the same that is mounted on the SPHA, 
an improved suite of point defence laser cannons, stronger shields, a faster hyperdrive, 
and a new power plant,” said Blissex. 

“What sort of power plant?” Chief Engineer Ganto asked.

“An improved version of the Imperial Star Destroyer’s power plant, considerably smaller, 
but just as powerful, supplemented with a pair of much smaller reactors to provide the 
extra energy for weapons and shields.”

Ganto looked over the figures for the Challenger’s new power plant and was 
astonished at what he was seeing. “You’ve turned the Challenger into a real powerhouse! 
She will have almost half again the power output potential of an Imperial Star Destroyer.”

“Similar modifications are going to be done to the Dauntless and Endurance, 
essentially creating a new sub-class of the old Acclamator class,” said Blissex 
as he had Hal bring up holographic schematics of the two frigates, right next to the holo of the Challenger.

“I present to you the Acclamator III class heavy frigates Dauntless and Endurance,” said Blissex 
grandly as an image of two heavily modified Acclamators spun in midair. 

“Another modification, which is going to be standard on all your ships,” said Hal 
as he gave all the captains pointed looks. “Have you ever heard of Mandalorian Ore?”
