"So, scuttlebutt says we're about to go after some Separatist mercenaries, any truth to that?" he queried as usual.
"Sorry Old Man, but I cannot confirm nor deny anything right now, and really, I am in a hurry," she said as she put in another burst of speed, but Ganto put a restraining hand on her shoulder. 
"Slow down lass, take a few deep breaths and relax, you'll do the ship nor the Commodore any good if you keep working yourself up like this."
"Let go, Commander!" she said dangerously as she put her right hand on top of Ganto's and tensed up even more.
"You know I won't do that until you calm down," he retorted as he stopped them.
"Fine!" With that she forcibly took his hand off her shoulder, span around and twisted Ganto's wrist and with an open palm strike straight into his chest she shoved him into a nearby bulkhead, where he banged the back of his head quite painfully and saw stars.
"You forgot my rule number one, no man may ever touch me without my permission. You remember the last time someone tried that, don't you?" she stated sweetly, and Ganto remembered as the xo, who was nearly a head shorter than him and weighed just over half his weight, pinned him to the ground with his arm forced behind and up his back and nearly broke it in the process.
"I do Commander, now please let me up," he squealed as she put more pressure on his arm.
She held him there for a moment longer then let him up, at which point he glared at her. "You do know that I could press charges for assault right now?"
"Yes, but then I'd claim self defence and it would be a he said, she said argument, which any good judge would throw out of their court in a second. Besides, you like me too much to press charges," she rebutted and Ganto could only smile at that.
"True, feeling better now?" he asked.
"Yes, I actually do. Shall we continue on to the hangar deck?" she asked in a better mood.
"Sure, just don't throw me into anymore bulkheads!"
"No promises, Old Man."
They continued on for a few more moments, and after Ganto's arm stopped aching he worked up the courage to ask, "Have you seen that therapist I recommended?"
"No, and for the last time I don't need a shrink. Something like that would go on my permanent record, and would most likely reduce what little chances I have of ever commanding a ship of my own."

