"Commodore, the captain of the Intrepid is requesting permission to come aboard," reported one of the communications operators from the crew pit. 
"Tell Captain Rothgild permission granted, and pass along my complements for coming in bang on time. Commander Hess, have her escorted to the conference room, I need to speak to the good captain in private."
"I'll escort her there myself," said Commander Hess as she headed down to the hangar deck. "Control Tower, direct Captain Rothgild's shuttle to the starboard landing bay," she quickly ordered over her ear mounted mini-com.
"Commander Patrice, you have the Command Bridge until the xo returns," commanded the Commodore as he left the Command Bridge for the conference room situated beyond the CIC, right next to the turbolift. 
Minutes later his xo and his new captain entered the conference room. It was spartanly decorated with only long oval hard wood table and a number of chairs. The Commodore took an appraising look at his new captain. She was short and petite was the first thing he noticed, with sun kissed skin and fiery red hair tied back into a loose regulation pony tail, and deep brown eyes.
"Captain Lela Rothgild reporting as ordered, sir," she said. 
"At ease captain, and welcome aboard. Commander Hess, return to the Command Bridge, then as soon as the rest of our new comrades arrive send their captains in." The xo nodded and left the conference room.
Seeing Captain Rothgild still standing stock still at attention the Commodore said, "At ease Captain, no need to stand upon ceremony with me," he said as he pulled a small device from his pocket and activated it.
She visibly relaxed when she recognized it for what it was. A high intensity bug jammer and scanner. She had one herself in her quarters. She took a seat at the conference table, one seat between her and the Commodore at the head of the table. "I take it you've received our recent orders?"
"Yes, and to be frank it's about time the fleet began pulling its weight in the Outer Rim. I've been on deep space patrol in the Outer Rim, and I can tell you right now that the pirates have managed to get a lot of military hardware, both from the Republic and the CIS, and they have become ever more dangerous and powerful," she stated. "I don't think that simply camping out on the Trade Routes and hopefully be able to intercept them before the merchantmen are overwhelmed."
"I'm glad we're on the same wavelength here, but what do you think of my plan?" the commodore asked, his first of many tests.
"Sir, while better than the official plan I say it's too risky. Just two days ago an entire convoy of ten bulk freighters, with military grade escorts, was destroyed not far from Mustafar. My ship was the first one on the scene, and what little data we could scavenge from their black boxes it would appear they were quickly overwhelmed, and the escorts were brand new Nebulon-B frigates, not exactly something you just brush away with a few corvettes."

