"You have a better suggestion?"
"I suggest that we stay in one area of the Hydian Way, near Malastare, and ask Imperial Intelligence to plant encrypted hyperspace transponders onboard several bulk freighters and escorts. As soon as one gets forced out of hyperspace we'll have an exact location and can intercept them all the more quickly. The same system could be adopted by the entire fleet, and it would give us some good PR in the Outer Rim."
Commodore Hawks took a few moments to think it over. He didn't feel comfortable about placing encrypted transponders aboard bulk freighters without the owner's permission, and the signal could possibly be tracked, but so far regular patrols had been ineffectual to stop these pirates.
"Very well, I'll speak with Imperial Intelligence about getting those transponders installed. ISB will probably love the idea of having every merchant ship carry these transponders," said the Commodore gravely. He could practically feel the Empire's grip tighten ever so slightly more around society's neck.
A beeping sound came from the intercom. "Yes?"
"Commodore, the rest of our new ships just arrived, shall I have their captains report to you?" Commander Hess asked.
"Yes, send them here, and have the rest of our ship commanders join us, and you as well, we have a lot of work to do."
((((((((((The Dark Times))))))))))
"Right away sir," replied Commander Hess as she thumbed off the intercom. "Commander Patrice, you have the Command Bridge while I bring up the captains from the hangar bay."
Commander Patrice merely nodded as she strode by him and off the Command Bridge. As she came off the turbolift on the hangar deck level a friendly voice called out to her. "Hey Mirialia, wait up!" She immediately recognized the jovial voice of the ship's chief engineer, Rikard Ganto.
"Hey Old Man," she said slightly teasingly, but with a hint of annoyance. 
"I'm not old, I'm still in my prime," said the more rotund man. "I asked you not to call me that."
"And until you either get promoted or I leave the service, that's all you're ever going to get from me, now if you would excuse me I need to get down to the main hangar and receive the captains that are coming aboard."
"Ah yes, I'm also heading that way, it's time for my weekly inspection, gotta keep my people on their toes and what not." She tried to outpace him, but as usual he easily kept up. It always surprised her that he could keep up with her, especially with his massive bulk.
