"Kayla why are you helping me? I've been doing this for a long time, I don't need the help of a servant."
"Just throwing myself into the part I must play, besides I've had far worse tasks forced upon me in my time, and unlike many officers in the military, except for the clones of course, you see me as a person, not a lowly twi'lek slave whose only use is to be used as entertainment," she said as she waited for him to finish using the fresher. "Besides this way I get to keep having  all the creature comforts I was afforded as a Jedi Knight, such as a fresher unit, which you don't mind sharing with me," she said in an oh so seductive voice.
"Want to join me in here? It would save one the ship's water supply," Jack asked teasingly, thinking she wouldn't take his offer.
"Thanks, but I think I'll just wait for you to finish," she responded, blushing a very dark shade of blue at the thought of joining him, but firmly reminded herself that attachment was strictly against the Jedi Code, and like it or not she was still a Jedi, even if the Order was no more.
Soon enough Jack exited the fresher and headed for his comfortable sleeping bunk, while Kayla entered the fresher alcove. Jack was refreshed, but also mentally and physically exhausted, and the thought of Kayla in his fresher unit didn't exactly help his stress levels, and in his most private thoughts he couldn't help but think of the dark blue goddess that he was sharing his life with, and keeping hidden from the ISB, and hoped that what he had done was worth it, and wouldn't get her, himself, his father, or his crew killed, just for doing the right thing.
((((((((((The Dark Times))))))))))
1300 hours the next day.
The next day Commodore Hawks, along with his xo and twi'lek assistant, stood by the Command Bridge viewports and waited patiently for their new comrades ships. Right on the dot an Acclamator carrier came out of hyperspace in the distance and rapidly decelerated and began moving towards the Challenger and its battle group. There wasn't much to distinguish a carrier version from any of the other sub-types of Acclamator class assault ships, except for its bridge tower, or rather its lack of one. In its place was an armoured oval dome structure with a number of point defence laser cannons surrounding it. There was also a pair of rather large hangar bay doors along its lower sides for receiving and launching fighters and shuttles.
Both Kayla and Commander Hess were both intently studying the form of the Intrepid. "This your first time seeing a carrier version of the Acclamator class?" the commodore asked of both of them.
"Not in a long time sir, not since the beginning of the war," responded Commander Hess. "She appears to have been modified."
The Commodore smiled slightly. "A common modification that's started to take hold on a lot of the older Acclamator class carriers. Their shields around the bridge tower was always lacking, so some carrier captains requested better protection, and Rothana Heavy Engineering, the ships original manufacturer, came up with the armoured bridge dome concept. It certainly increases the ship's survivability.
