"Ah, but he has a finite supply of droids, and even if he scavenges parts from damaged or destroyed ones he won't be able to replace his losses for a while, even with the wealth he has stolen over the years. The plan is for us to make like one of these convoys, allow them to pull us out of hyperspace, then pounce on them, take them completely by surprise and get some real up to date information out of their computer banks, then follow that information to its source."
"A well conceived plan, Commodore," said Kayla though worry lines quickly appeared on her face. "But what if they use their heavier warships in these attacks and merely use the threat of force, the merchantmen surrender and they board and kill the crews, steal their cargo and then destroy the ships to leave no evidence."
"Then our entire battle group should have the firepower to overwhelm them, or at least to be able to fight out of any trap they could lay, remember he has mostly frigate sized vessels at his disposal and only a small number of heavy line cruisers available, and I doubt he would bother with engaging bulk freighters with heavy capital ships," said Jack as he settled himself down back onto the couch.
"I hope your right, but if you're wrong it may cost you dearly," said Kayla in a warning tone.
"If you can give me a better option I'm all ears, if not then we'll stick with the original plan."
Mirialia finished her mug then stood up. "Well, thanks for the caf Kayla, and thank you for the talk, but I think I'll head back to my quarters, it's been a long day, and I've still got that report to write up, you'll have it by tomorrow morning."
"Very well, dismissed Commander."
She saluted smartly, turned on her heel and headed out the door, and both Jack and Kayla waited a few moments.
"So, what do you think?" Jack asked as he once again sat himself down beside the attractive twi'lek. 
"She didn't tell us everything," answered Kayla nervously. "All she said was the truth, but not the whole truth. Maybe she'd be more open to a one on one talk with one of us, but we shouldn't rush her, the type of mental trauma she went through, even though he never managed to complete the act, could still have a lingering effect upon her."
"Yeah I noticed," said Jack as he mused upon her characteristic behaviour while she had been under his command. "She always had a slight temper, but I did notice that she seemed to be more hostile to the male members of the crew, while she has stayed relatively even-handed with the females. Everyone has commented upon it, plus she practically works herself half to death. Doctor Magellan has on more than one occasion had to order her to take some shore leave."
"Well, the only thing we can do is watch and see how this develops," said Kayla, though worry lines still creased her beautiful face.
