"The Intrepid should fit right in with our battle group's tactics and strategy, but I'm a little concerned about the corvettes," said Jack and both Mirialia and Kayla got curious as to why he said that. "While the ships performances were good, like you said we could do better, and the refits certainly gave us an edge against the Concordia, however I don't think the CR-90 corvettes are going to be around for long, they're merely a stopgap measure for the moment."
Jack then punched in some commands on the console built into the circular table then a small holo-emitter hummed to life and displayed a blue toned hologram of a ship, it was considerably smaller than the Challenger, roughly two hundred metres long, had the same wedge shape of a star destroyer, but its bridge module at the top was buried into the top of the wedge. It had three large engines in the back, buried deeply into the wedge and protected by thick armour. Eight DBY-890 turbolaser turrets were mounted along the centre line and spaced out so all eight had a clear range of fire forward, like the Challenger, and a pair of triple barrelled spherical ion cannons mounted close to the bow.
"This ship is the proposed Dagger class corvette, larger than a CR-90 and packs more of a capital ship grade weapons load-out than any other ship in her size class. The design is still under review, but once it passes through we will be one of the first battle groups to get them to replace the CR-90 Corvettes," said Jack smiling, and Mirialia's eyes shined with excitement.
"If I'm reading these statistics right this new corvette has a slightly greater acceleration curve than our current corvettes, and if they are all built with stealth systems integrated rather than tacked on, like with the Shadow and Ghost, they'll be all the more effective for our missions," said Mirialia as she considered the possibilities these ships could provide. "They'd be most effective as escorts, blockade runners and stealth ships."
"Well don't get too excited, Commander. It will be a few more years before their keels are laid. How long until our new comrades arrive?"
"They're scheduled to arrive tomorrow, the Intrepid will arrive first at thirteen hundred hours from her Inner Rim patrol route. The five Dreadnoughts, the Revenge, the Renown, the Ripper, the Rattler and the Rendili Pride will arrive approximately fourteen hundred hours along with the four new Nebulon-B frigates Daring, Fearless, Rapture and Surprise from the Hawks Shipyards. I kind of feel a little pity for Captain Csalas, with this kind of firepower at our disposal his Clone Wars relics won't stand a chance," said Commander Hess with relish.
"Don't pity the bastard, the man has killed enough people to fill an entire convoy of bulk freighters to the gills, and most of those he killed were civilian merchantmen who were simply trying to make a living, and since the war he hasn't changed his modus operandi a bit," said Jack as he pulled up a holographic recreation of one of the pirate's classic strategies. "He favours using gravity well generator equipped vessels to pull hapless merchant ships out of hyperspace, overwhelm their defences with a concentrated fighter attack on their engines, shields and weapons, then board them with battle droids, sometimes just a single platoon of B1s, but for those with larger crews and full security detachments he sends in Destroyer Droids and BX-series Commando Droids to both overwhelm and root out any resistance, kill the crew, then make off with the loot before anyone can come to the rescue."

