"Drop holographic camouflage and reroute all power to shields, looks like we're weathering this storm," he ordered, knowing the risk he was taking.
Just before the energy shockwave hit the Ghost shimmered into view and the energy wave slammed into it, which knocked the ship back several hundred metres, engines strained to stabilize their position. Electricity arced across the shields as the shockwave passed, and was strained to near breaking point when the debris impacted and almost crushed them, even as they avoided the bigger pieces by the skin of their pilot's teeth they were pelted by a hailstorm of much smaller pieces.
"We're almost through, just a few more seconds," reported the sensor officer from his chair, strapped down as tight as everyone else as the ship shook as if a giant had grabbed them and was shaking them like a drinks mixer. Finally the shaking stopped, but the view outside was not a welcoming one. A Carrack class light cruiser loomed over them with guns locked and loaded.
Helm, evasive action, get us the hell away from that ship. Weapons fire at will," Commander Landers commanded in rapid fire fashion.
"Already on it sir," replied the helm officer as he banked the ship hard to starboard and pushed the engines into the red, but none of the Ghost's weapons were firing.
"Mister Rider why isn't my ship's weapons firing?" Commander Landers asked heatedly.
"I'm trying sir, it looks like we took some damage from the seismic charge detonations, as well as the asteroid debris, or at least the computer thinks so," replied Lieutenant Rider, the tactical officer.
"What the hell are you talking about?"
"It seems that while the ship is in full simulator mode the ship's shield stats are set for a standard CR-90 corvette, even though we haven't taken any physical damage, the war-games simulation doesn't know that and is automatically simulating our weapons as being offline."
"Damn it, who the hell devised this system?" the Commander rhetorically asked. "I don't care how you do it I want weapons back online immediately, shut down the simulator if you have to."
"But that would disqualify us from the war game, it would be the same as the ship virtually self-destructing, besides it says here that virtual weapons repairs will take approximately thirty seconds."
"Mister this is a combat situation, thirty seconds is like a lifetime in combat," said Commander Landers as enemy weapons fire opened up on them, and shook the ship as it took direct hits, though by the lightshow outside more shots were going wide than hitting. "What's going on, why aren't they hitting us? They've got us dead to rights."
"Our jamming systems are still functioning, it's throwing off their aim, twenty seconds until weapons return," said Lieutenant Rider.
