Seconds later dozens of fighters and bombers streamed past the 'knocked out' corvette, exploiting the hole they had made in the Concordia battle-group's picket line.
"Incoming," called out one of the sensor officers down in the crew pit on the Concordia's bridge, just before the first dummy proton torpedoes landed.
"All guns and batteries, reset to maximum defensive fire, all ships fire at will!" ordered Commodore Tisztelet.
In the space within which the Razgriz flight operated in the almost constant drizzle of weapons fire that flew past them suddenly became a firestorm of laser fire, crisscrossing space and in seconds a large number of Challenger's fighters were eliminated from the war-game.
"Whoa, looks like Commodore Tisztelet is stepping up his game, yikes," yelped Chopper as he almost got hit by a turbolaser shot.
"Keep it together guys, just weave through the barrages and trust your ECM systems to keep you safe," said Blaze reassuringly.
"Oh sure, just weave through the barrages, are you nuts?" said Chopper disparagingly.
"To all War Dogs, continue attack runs, we have to cover the bombers so they can get their shots in," ordered Captain Snow.
"But the flack is too heavy, we'll never get past it," said another pilot, a clone who was much younger than the captain.
"Relax Shiny, I've been through heavier flack than this and survived. All fighters, full deflectors, double front," said Captain Snow, and Blaze made the changes to his deflectors.
"Edge, Chopper, Archer, form up on my wing, we're going after the Concordia's bridge," Blaze ordered.
"Sir, with respect have you lost your mind? The Concordia's guns have gone to full defensive saturation mode, we'll be lucky if one of us gets close without getting shot down."
"Just follow me in, I've got an idea for avoiding those guns," said Blaze as he got in contact with a squadron of Y-Wing fighter bombers. "Gold squadron follow us in, the rest of War Dog squadron will cover your approach. Let's do this!"
Razgriz flight broke off from the main group, while the black with gold trim Y-wing fighter-bombers of Gold squadron followed just two or three hundred metres behind them, while the rest of War Dog squadron followed behind, covering them from other attacking squadrons. The four fighters accelerated hard and aimed themselves at the nose of the Concordia, as laser cannon fire flashed all around them, and seemed to be diving into a suicide run, but the Concordia's crew spotted them quickly and the gunners intensified their fire from the forward laser cannon batteries, though for some reason they were not hitting their targets.

