"See Chopper, our ECM is holding up," said Blaze as a laser blast flew close enough to heat his shield.
"Yes, but as we get closer they get more accurate," countered Edge, though there was no more time for chatter as the form of the Concordia grew ever bigger in front of them and to the pilots of War Dog and Gold squadrons it looked as though they were about to hit a thick durasteel wall.
"On my mark, three, two, one, now, now, NOW," Blaze called out just seconds before he would've ended up like a bug on a wind shield on the Venator class cruiser's nose. Razgriz flight, along with all the fighters that flew in behind them, hugged closely to the hull of the Concordia, flew at nearly at insane speeds across the hull, and opened up with laser cannons and dummy concussion missiles, hitting any targets of opportunity, like point defence laser cannons, sensor clusters, and as Blaze closed in on the bridge he let loose a pair of missiles and struck the bridge dead-on. He lead his flight right in between the dual bridges, and rolled as he passed them, flying past them with his wings parallel with the bridge towers.
As the Y-Wings made their attack run they began dropping dummy proton bombs from their internal bomb bays, flying so close that they bypassed the shields and dropped them straight onto the hull. Each bomb was armed with a big paint warhead, which splattered several litres of gold adhesive paint over large sections of the outer hull. As luck would have it the Concordia's main flight deck doors were opening up just as Razgriz flight made their attack run, and several of the bombs landed right in the middle of the flight deck before they could close the doors, which instantly painted large portions of the flight deck, walls and the inside of the closing doors in gold. The deck crews could only groan in resignation at the mess they were going to have to clean up afterwards.
After Gold Squadron had dropped their bombs they began rapid launching their proton torpedoes straight at the twin bridges, also armed with paint warheads, though none of them penetrated the bridges shielding, clouds of gold paint still burst in front of the view ports, obscuring the view for a few seconds as the paint was slowly vaporized by the high energy particle shields.
((((((((((The Dark Times))))))))))
On the bridge of the Concordia it was controlled chaos as the most recent attack run made several systems go haywire, the computers struggled to keep up with the simulated damage being done, and the sheer chaos was driving the ship's master up the wall.
"Damage report!" Commodore Tisztelet snapped.
"We're reading massive damage to all dorsal sections ahead of the command bridge towers, hangar bay reports that the Y-wings dropped several dummy proton bombs into the hangar just as we were about to launch our last squadrons, as of now we are unable to launch due to the computers simulated damage, as well as the simulated destruction of those squadrons. The bridge shields held, but only just, as of now we're barely able to control the ship," reported the xo as he looked at the ship's status display.
"What's our weapons status?" the Commodore asked wearily, the stress was starting to grate on him.
