Within the Bespin system's asteroid belt a group of fourteen ships sat waiting for their opponent. A single Venator class attack cruiser, the Concordia, two smaller Victory I class destroyers, the Gladius and the Gorgon, four Carrack class light cruisers and seven CR-90 corvettes. Onboard the Concordia its master and commander, Commodore Baran Tisztelet stood waiting for his enemy to come to him.
"Sir we have incoming fighters, it seems Commodore Hawks doesn't want to come in himself," reported his xo.
"He's trying to flush us out with fighter attacks. Send the corvettes Harrier and Gunslinger to intercept and launch Fist and Cavalier squadrons, keep Repulse and Foxtrot squadrons on hot standby. If I know Commodore Hawks he'll hit us in waves, try to break up our formation then take us down either one at a time or in small groups," said Commodore Tisztelet.
"But sir, we have a few more ships than he does, and the Gorgon and Gladius outgun the Dauntless and Endurance by a fair margin," his xo objected.
"Young man, I know Jack Hawks, and the one thing he doesn't do when an opponent that outnumbers and outguns him is to engage in a straight up fight. No, he'll most likely try to engage our capital ships with quick slashing bomber attacks, and you forget that the Challenger carries more fighters than us and the Gladius and Gorgon combined. No, I will thin out his numbers first, then we will exit the asteroid field after he has committed all of his fighters to engaging us."
"Aye sir," said the xo in understanding and began to relay his commodore's orders.
A few kilometres away from the Concordia, the CR-90 corvettes Harrier and Gunslinger along with two of Concordia's V-Wing squadrons broke formation from the battle-group and headed out towards the edge of the asteroid field, the two nimble corvettes almost effortlessly navigated the chaotic orbits of asteroids and debris. The two corvette's captains were experienced officers who had seen combat for much of their careers and were prepared for anything. Almost anything.
As they got further away from their battle-group there was a pair of shimmers in space, close to the surface of a large asteroid, two indescribable shapes were just sitting there, watching the two corvettes and squadrons pass them by, and saw their chance. As the V-Wings raced ahead to engage the incoming squadrons of Z-95 starfighters the shimmers suddenly became defined and their true forms took shape. They were a pair of heavily modified CR-90 corvettes, painted in the black with blue trim colour scheme of the Challenger battle-group.
As one they pounced upon the Harrier and Gunslinger with laser cannons blazing and dummy concussion missiles launching. The captains of both corvettes were surprised by the ambush and before they could react both ships were out of the war game, the computers on both sides registered the kill shots, and they both could do nothing as the two enemy corvettes began to lend their own firepower to take apart the squadrons of V-Wings and there was nothing they could do but leave.

