Almost a half-hour passed before something happened, the first to spot something was a gunner flying in an ARC-170, when suddenly missiles seemed to erupt from seemingly nothing.
"Incoming missiles," the gunner called out and began blasting away with the two rear laser cannon turrets, blasted a few out of the sky, but one managed to slip by him and hit the starboard engine near the S-foils, though thankfully all it did was scatter orange paint, but his fighter was out of the game. "Damn it!"
"Commodore, almost an entire squadron of ARC-170s was just taken out, looks like they launched concussive missiles armed with, paint warheads?" the xo confusedly reported, normally dummy missiles would just impact the shields or armour and do no damage and just send a signal that confirmed a kill.
"Looks like Jack is letting a couple of his ship captains have a little fun. Do we have a location on the target yet?"
"Negative sir, it seems they have adopted the tactic of shoot and scoot, and it seems that there might be two stealth vessels out there sir, another squadron just reported being killed by a missile swarm on the opposite side of the battle-group."
"They're toying with us, keeping us off balance so it will be easier to use fighter attacks, nice work Jack, but let's see how your new toys handle this. Pull back all fighters close in to our ships, get them within our shield perimeters and deploy seismic charges, I want a full spread in these general areas," Commodore Tisztelet ordered as he indicated the target areas on the tactical holo-tank.
"But sir, there's nothing on our scopes."
"Commander, if I were commanding a stealth vessel I would position myself where I would get maximum cover and greatest overview of my target, and right now we're sitting ducks, time to level the playing field."
"Aye sir," said the slightly chastised xo and relayed his commodore's orders.
As quick as they could every starfighter retreated back towards the capital ships, while the Carrack class light cruisers broke away from the battle-group in pairs and moved towards the general areas where the two stealth vessels were thought to be. Small doors opened on their flanks and small oval shaped charges launched by small rockets accelerated away from them. In all sixteen charges were launched and dispersed in box-like patterns. Once they reached optimal positions they detonated, and unleashed powerful energy shockwaves that devastated the surrounding asteroids, a few of the larger ones were even split in half as the shockwaves passed through them, and shattered several of the smaller ones. Debris was scattered everywhere at high speed and every ship in the asteroid field strengthened their shields to maximum, both to weather the shockwaves and the space-avalanche of debris that was coming.
Onboard the Ghost Commander Landers, the ship's master and commander, watched as the situation grew more desperate and watched as the energy shockwaves came seemingly straight for him, followed by several million tons of asteroid debris.
