"We've lost most of our forward most secondary guns,, but main gun batteries are still fully functional, the Y-Wings proton bombs luckily didn't score direct hits on them, however it should be noted that our shields and hull integrity is almost at breaking point."
The Commodore took another look at the holo-tank in the CIC, just behind the bridge, and looked at the battle as a whole. His battle group had been weakened significantly, with his four Carrack class light cruisers off hunting a stealth corvette, and three of his own CR-90 corvettes had been eliminated, along with several squadrons worth of fighters. He needed to turn this around quickly, or he would b overwhelmed when Commodore Hawks' capital ships came for him.
"Recall our light cruisers from the hunt, we're going to need their help in taking out the enemy squadrons as we retreat into the asteroid fields," he said to the surprise of his xo.
"Sir, we may have suffered extensive damage, but the Gorgon and Gladius have only received minimal damage, we still have a chance..."
"Commander are you saying that two Victory class destroyers can go up against both the Challenger and the two Acclamator IIIs by themselves?"
At that his xo became slightly nervous, he too had seen the recent reports of the refits of all three of Jack Hawks' capital ships, and even though he believed the Gladius and the Gorgon would come out on top they would be seriously damaged in the exchange. "We may be able to contribute some long range gunnery, but with the damage the Concordia has sustained I suggest we stay out of their range."
"Which means leaving this area, bring what's left about, we've got to get in amongst the rocks before they get here," the Commodore ordered.
((((((((((The Dark Times))))))))))
As quickly as they could the four Carrack class light cruisers began to retreat back towards the Concordia as the rest of the battle group began to retreat to the denser part of the asteroid field, though before they could complete their turns four bright beams lanced out and struck all four of them from the other opposite side of the clear area of the asteroid field, neatly eliminating them from the war game.
"Carrack class escorts removed, we now have a clear shot at the rest of the enemy battle group," reported Commander Hess in delight.
"Not so fast Commander. My old teacher isn't completely finished yet, see, he's retreating, trying to get into the denser asteroid field where the Challenger can't follow them. How long until our bow chasers can recharge?" Commodore Hawks asked.
"Approximately two minutes, thirty seconds sir, but they'll be in amongst the asteroids in less than two minutes, and they just increased their acceleration," said Commander Hess after she consulted a couple of different techs.
"Order our fighter bombers to target their sub-lights, we have to slow them down!"
"Most of our ARC-170s and Y-Wings have expended their heavy ordinance, they're down to laser cannons and ion cannons."
"Ion cannons, that's it," said the Commodore in triumph. "Commander, have all Y-Wings equipped with ion cannons make attack runs on all three of those capital ships, make sure our fighters provide as much cover as they can!"

