It seems like our ambush worked sir," said Commander Hess happily from her position in the crew pit.
"Yes, I'm glad that the new stealth systems worked, even though holographic stealth systems aren't exactly new it certainly helps when you've got decent electronic counter-measures," said Jack from his throne-like and very comfortable command chair. He was happy for having drawn first blood in this little war game.
The idea of using holographic images overlaid a person or a ship is an idea that goes back to almost the very beginning of holographic technology, though with true cloaking technology and improvements in scanners such ideas had fallen by the wayside in recent centuries. Wallex Blissex had just now resurrected this old technology, for Jack's benefit.
"Pass my complements on to Commanders Maxwell and Landers. What are our casualties?"
"Far fewer than I expected sir, two fighters destroyed, five damaged and out of the fight, compared to the enemy who lost nearly half their fighters and two of their corvettes, I'd say we're off to a good start," reported Commander Hess. "It's a shame that the Ghost and Shadow are the only two corvettes in our battle-group that's been modified as stealth ships."
"Then it's time for them to make it count. Tell the Ghost and Shadow to go to stealth mode and follow those fighters back to their carrier, after they've marked their position I want them to cause as much havoc as they can within their lines, without exposing themselves," ordered Commodore Hawks.
"Aye sir, I'll bet those two will just love that." The last she said in near whisper to herself as she relayed the stealth corvettes orders.
((((((((((The Dark Times))))))))))
"What the hell happened?" demanded Commodore Tisztelet.
"We were ambushed sir, two corvettes appeared behind us and destroyed both us and the Gunslinger, then proceeded to devastate the fighter squadrons you sent with us, the incoming enemy fighter squadrons were just bait," said the captain of the Harrier dejectedly. "We're complying with regulations and are now leaving the battlefield. I apologise on behalf of myself and my crew sir."
"No apologies are necessary, Commander, you did all you could, now get out of here." He terminated transmission then began barking orders. "All ships are to tighten formation, I want overlapping fields of fire, as soon as an enemy ship pokes its nose in here I want to rain hell on its position."
"Aye aye sir."
Once again Commodore Tisztelet's commands were sent and the Concordia battle-group changed formation, with the Concordia, Gladius and Gorgon in the centre, the four Carrack class light cruisers in a box formation around them and the five remaining corvettes began to slowly circle around the capital ships, while fighters were released in roaming swarms, ready to quickly intercept anything that tried to penetrate their perimeter.
