On the Command Bridge the mood was relaxed, but also busy as several techs and officers were at their stations as they conducted the business of running a vessel as large and complex as the Challenger. The opening of the turbolift doors announced the arrival of Commander Hess, and the crew instantly became even more focused on their work, her very presence seemed to inspire everyone to do better, just to escape her cold fury.
"Status report, Commander," she demanded of the Officer-of-the-Watch, Lieutenant-Commander Nicho Patrice. A fellow Corellian in his late twenties, he had dark brown hair, was over six foot tall, and had unusual green eyes.
"Situation normal sir," he reported. "Our CAP has been launched and we have secured a perimeter around the battle group. Every vessel, be they civilian or military is to be challenged by the CAP or one of our warships, as per your orders."
"Very good commander, continue to perform like this and you may have a ship of your own in a few years time," she said to the surprise of everyone, the xo gave a complement? She never complements anyone, not even the commodore.
"Yes sir, thank you sir," said Commander Patrice stiffly as he waited for the other shoe to drop.
After a few seconds of taking in the surprise of the young man before her, and enjoying it like a fine roasted corellian steak, she moved on into the crew-pit to the comm. techs. "Communications, I want the contents of this data-disk on the ship's and battle-group's information network, and send personal copies to all ship commanders," she ordered.
"Aye sir," said the tech as Commander Hess easily walked out of the crew-pit and over to the forward viewports and took in a look at the view outside, the dusty iron-red gas giant of Bespin span below them and several of its rocky moons could be seen floating in their orbits, while several millions of tons of military hardware sat in tranquil silence outside, with only the occasional fighter or shuttle buzzing between them.
She turned away from the view and cleared her throat to get the crew's attention. "People, within the next twenty-four hours ten new ships are going to be arriving to join us. Information about our new comrades will be in the ship's data-banks within a few minutes. The Commodore wants this crew to be as sharp as a laser, so for the next twelve hours all your collective asses are now mine to do with as I please as we conduct battle group wide training drills. The last scramble drill we ran was not the worst I've seen, but I intend for us to do better, much better," she finished with an evil smirk that gave everyone on the bridge a really cold shiver down their collective spines.
"Helm, move us out of orbit, tell the rest of the battle-group to follow us, we'll conduct our exercises in the system's local asteroid field, and this time I want every single drill to be performed as if it was a real combat situation. Don't worry folks, by tomorrow we should have the rust knocked off your shoulders, however if you don't show marked signs of improvement I will have you for lunch. End of speech. Let's go to work," she ordered as she strode over to the command chair and sat down, she mentally noted to herself that it was remarkably comfortable. Maybe she could convince the commodore to get a chair for the xo position.

