He paused for a second to let the information sink in and took in the mood of his men.
"But we haven't been idle while the rest have been working on the ships have we? No we haven't! We've been honing our skills in the Corellian asteroid fields with our new birds," Captain Snow continued as a hologram of a modified Z-95 Headhunter replaced the hologram of the local system. "You know your ships and you know the enemy you're going to fight." More holograms appeared behind him, this time of the newer V-Wing interceptors, Eta-2 Actis class interceptors and ARC-170 fighter bombers. "Our job will be to clear a path for our bombers to get their shoots in on the Concordia, after that we will continuously provide close support for the bombers. Now man your ships, and good hunting."
At that everyone in the squadron stood up to attention, saluted, and said "Aye aye sir!" then filed out in neat lines as they headed towards the hangar bay.
As they entered the hangar Blaze took a moment to look around the hangar and was slightly in awe at its sheer size. He had served on a Venator class before, but the hangar was almost twice the size, and it was divided into two levels, with fighters, bombers and shuttles arranged in neat rows. The lower level was designated for larger craft, like shuttles, heavy transports and landing craft, while the upper level was designated the fighter and bomber bay and had direct access to the dorsal launch bay. Seconds after arriving at the hangar Blaze and his flight got on a repulsor-lift sled which took them to their fighters. The driver, a non-clone, decided to strike up a conversation with the four pilots.
"Damn, I haven't seen a combat scramble this fast since the Clone Wars. The higher ups must be really cracking the whip on you guys, huh?"
"And you are, seaman?" asked Edge.
"Oh I almost forgot my manners, Seaman Rocco Delgado ma'am, and I'm your driver for today."
"Then step on it Seaman, I want to get to my fighter and hit space as soon as possible," said Chopper impatiently.
"As you wish sir," said Delgado as he poured on the throttle and went faster than was generally advised for a repulsor-lift sled to go on a busy flight-deck. They quickly came to the area where their fighters were being prepped for launch. The four Z-95 Headhunters were painted a shiny black with scarlet trim around the wings, engines and hull.
"Those are some sweet rides you Razgriz guys have. I'll see you around, got more deliveries to make," said Seaman Delgado as he pulled away to pick up some more passenger, while Blaze and the rest of Razgriz flight jumped into their fighters and did final checks before launch. With dull roars from their engines and repulsor-lifts they lifted off and headed through the hangar bay force-fields. As soon as they were in the launch lane the punched their engines to full power and accelerated away from the Challenger in the first wave of fighters being launched.

