“Very good,” said Jack smiling as well. He hadn’t seen her for almost a year,
three months of strenuous surgery and genetic modification and the nine previous months
before that she had mostly spent in seclusion in her quarters.
‘Meditating on the Force in an attempt to find my purpose,’ she had said,
though Jack suspected she was mostly grieving the only way she knew how,
plus he knew for a fact that she was having terrible nightmares, having walked in
on her in the medical bay once to check up on her to see her thrashing in her bed
and only being able to wake up to his touch and the sound of his voice.

“I won’t keep you anymore, and my crew needs to get back into the CIC,” said Jack,
and strolled out of the CIC towards his Command Chair, settling in and watched as
they approached the Hawks Shipyard, which still evoked feelings of home for him
every time he saw it. He walked his father and mister Blissex down to the hangar deck.

The hangar deck was huge, much larger than on a standard sized Venator,
this was the main difference between the Challenger and other Venator class ships,
her enormous size, being roughly the same design as the standard Venator she was as big
as the Imperator, now known as the Imperial, class Star Destroyer.

There had been some considerable changes to the layout of the ship.
Now every twenty metres thick armoured bulkheads were in place that would slam
in place to seal off damaged sections of the launch and hangar deck, to prevent the spread of fire and explosions.

Jack and his father said their goodbyes and left in a new Lambda class shuttle,
one of several that the Challenger had received to replace the old assault shuttles,
though Jack had kept a few that had been modified for boarding purposes.
Minutes later the same shuttle returned and Jack waited excitedly for its occupant
to come down the ramp. Soon the atmosphere inside the shuttle equalized with the Challenger
and the ramp lowered, landing with a soft thud down on the deck and down the ramp
its only passenger came out, a young Twi’lek with a strong seductive figure,
her skin a dark shade of blue, darker than her previous complexion. Her lekku,
head tails, had swirling intricate designs tattooed on them. The process of getting them
tattooed must have been extremely painful for her since the Lekku of a twi’lek are very sensitive.
She wore soft opaque black veils over most of her body with tight fitting black
armless leather shirt and very short leather skirt underneath, leaving very little to the imagination.

“Hello Kayla,” said Jack in greeting.

“Nice to see you again, Commodore,” she responded in her seductive accent, bowing respectfully,
though there was also a slight mocking quality to it as she bowed.
The bow also showed off her ample cleavage without seeming to bulge out.

“Easy there Kayla, no need to over act it,” said Jack as he took her up in a hug, which she gladly returned.

“Anymore bad dreams?” he asked quietly.
