“Alright, what the hell happened out there, this was supposed to be an exercise, 
not a battle between life and death, these are veteran crews, but they just recently got 
these ships back, so tell me, what the hell happened?”

Blissex and Hal Hawks exchanged nervous glances then Blissex put forth his theory.

“I believe that the tactical droid reverted to its original programming.”

“What original programming?”

“It was originally programmed to fight this ship, and its mission orders stated 
that your ship was to be destroyed by any means necessary even sacrifice itself 
so long as it ensured the destruction of the Challenger.”

“I knew that I was on the Separatist hit list, but I never heard of anything like this. 
I know that they employed bounty hunters to hunt down good captains and 
certain high level officers, but to commit resources to destroy just one ship?”

“Not massive resources, just a tactical droid that was programmed from the very beginning to best you,” said Blissex.

“It didn’t exactly live up to expectations though...”

“This tactical droid had only some disarmed warships and fighters at its disposal, 
two of which you destroyed and the last one you’ve practically scrapped, did you really have to do that son?”

“Sorry dad, old war time instincts, I used to scrap ships like that for a living you know.”

“Mister you are making my hair go more grey by the day,” Hal said exasperated. 

“That just means I’m doing my job,” Jack responded cheekily, giving everyone a good laugh.

“On a more serious note I just received a message from Admiral Rod, he says the new base at 
Bespin has been completed ahead of schedule, my battle group has been ordered to take up 
station there and to be placed directly under his command.”

“I thought you were supposed to go on a six month patrol of the Core Worlds before 
heading out to the Outer Rim?” Hal queried.

“That was before the various delays we had with the refit of the Challenger 
and the other ships, our patrol got taken up by another battle group. We’ll drop you off 
back at the Shipyards then head out. Has Kayla’s surgeries been completed?”

“The last series of treatments to her DNA has been completed and she should have 
completely recovered by now, she’s just waiting for you back at the shipyard,” said Hal smiling, 
he had been among the first to have seen her, right after the doctor, 
and even under her bandages the changes were apparent.

