“The Intrepid, a modified Acclamator class frigate turned escort carrier. Five new and improved Dreadnought class heavy cruisers, based upon your father and mister Blissex’s test-bed ship, the Revenge, the Renown, the Ripper, the Rattler and the Rendili Pride, and finally four of the newest Nebulon-B escort frigates. Take a look at the ship commanders’ names, any you recognise?” 
Jack took a closer look at the holo-monitor. “Most of these names are from my old squadron, back when I commanded a Corellian fighter squadron before the war. I lost touch with most of these people years ago.”
“Then you know them. Well enough to possibly trust them with your life?” the admiral asked him.
“I would trust them with my life, but I will need some time to get to know them again before I entrust them with my, our little secret,” he corrected himself.
“Fair enough Jack, but sooner or later you’re going to have to bring them in on it.”
“I know,” said Jack as he took another long sip of his brandy. 
“Until we can make our move the best thing we can do is walk the company line, at least for now, until we can hopefully gather enough allies, man power and equipment to win,” said the admiral gravely.
“Another galactic civil war,” said Jack ominously, the very thought turned both their stomachs, though the alcohol gave them a warm feeling in the bottom of their guts. 
After a few moments of silence the admiral took a large swig from his tumbler he said, “I noticed earlier that Commodore Delmar made a rather lewd comment about your XO. I admire your self-restraint, if it had been me and I was your age, I would have at least have decked him. Was she under his command at one time?”
“Yes sir, she served under him for almost six months before she signed on with me. Before she came to him she had a brilliant record, she would’ve made captain by now, but Commodore Delmar effectively cut down her options by black-listing her for the disaster on Tibrin. He charged her with striking a superior officer and put her in the brig before the battle, and blamed his own mistakes upon the injury that she caused him, though considering that it happened in his quarters and well before the battle she was acquitted, but no other captain would have her,” said Jack. “All she told me about her time under his command was that it was an unpleasant experience for her, but my gut tells me that there is more to it.”
“Want my advice kid?” asked the admiral, all Jack did was nodded his head slightly. “Don’t push her for answers, she may not open up to you, but she may open up to someone more friendly,” he indicated Jack’s companion. “I’ve found over the years that a Jedi can be a most attentive listener,” he said as he gulped down the last of his drink. Sensing the meeting was soon coming to a close Jack followed suit and downed the last remaining millimetres of brandy in his tumbler and felt the potent liquid go down his gullet.
