“Coming right up,” said the waitress, a short, but leggy blonde wearing a black and white pinstriped skirt and blouse uniform with black shoes. She soon returned with the drinks on a tray, and handed them out one by one, the captains first and the commodore last. When she came to him his arm went around her waist and he pulled her into his lap. 
“Why don’t you sit with us for a little while doll, have a drink with us,” he said leeringly as his other hand began to wander.
She slapped his hand away. “I’m on duty sir,” she rebuffed softly then made to get up, but he held fast.
“Come on girl, don’t be like that.”
To everyone’s surprise the old barman behind the bar shouted, “Hey you leave my waitresses alone, and I don’t care what your rank is. If you don’t leave them alone I will call security.”
“Shut it old man, you have no authority over me,” said Delmar arrogantly.
“Maybe, but I don’t think the admiral would appreciate you mistreating any of the station’s waitresses,” countered Commodore Tisztelet. “And I don’t think any of us honourable gentlemen would approve of such behaviour either.”
All around the bar the other officers who were relaxing nodded in agreement and cast disapproving looks in Commodore Delmar and his cronies direction. Seeing that he was surrounded he let the waitress go and went back to his drink and card game. 
“Officers like Delmar is what’s wrong with the Emperor’s new navy,” said Tisztelet. “Gentlemen like us seem to be a dying breed. Men of integrity and honour are being replaced with self-serving yes men and toadies. They’re well trained, but their arrogance is sickening.”
Jack nodded in agreement as he and Kayla each took a seat on either side of him. “I couldn’t agree more, old friend. It seems not even Admiral Rod’s fleet is immune from the plague that’s spreading through the fleet.”
“Yes, and it’s bastards like Delmar that give good, honest navy officers a bad name,” said Tisztelet as he took a sip of his drink. “Oh, where are my manners, mind joining me for a drink?” he asked. 
“Sorry old man, I’ve got to get back to my battle group, we’re getting in some new ships today, the admiral wants me to integrate them into my battle line as quickly as possible,” said Jack apologetically as both he and Kayla reluctantly began to leave the bar.
“Maybe next time when our ships are in port we could partake in some Corellian Brandy together, give you another shot at drinking me under the table,” Tisztelet teased.
