“Does Intelligence have any targets for us,” another commodore asked, 
who was an older Clone Wars veteran with dark skin and a slightly greying hairline and beard. 

“Intelligence has already found several smaller pirate gangs, which are already being 
dealt with by Special Forces operatives already on the ground, and regular fleet units are 
already underway to clean up. What we are going after are the more dangerous ones, 
like this character,” the admiral brought up a holo of a human male with an 
unassuming face with light blue, almost grey, eyes, light brown hair and wearing a 
dark nerf-skin leather jacket over a black shirt with black work trousers and boots.

“His name is Arulo Csalas. He used to be a Fleet Captain in the Separatist Navy, 
commanding one of their Providence class dreadnoughts, and commands the loyalty of 
several organic Separatist Captains. When Lord Vader shut down the droid army he and his 
fellow captains managed to somehow reactivate them and reprogram to serve their needs. 
These Separatists have been raiding the Outer Rim territories for the past six months, 
and we have been given the task of taking his little band of warships out of action. 
Capture if possible, but destroy if necessary. Commodore Hawks, he will be your target, 
as soon as Imperial Intelligence has a location for this scum, I want you to come crashing down 
on him and his band like a Krayt Dragon.”

“Aye sir,” Commodore Hawks said simply as he accepted the assignment, 
seeing no problem in taking down this particular pirate as he looked over this human pirate’s 
recent exploits, as well as his war record on his own computer pad. The man had been a menace 
during the war, his small group of powerful ships would cruise the space lanes and 
jump on unsuspecting merchant ships, acting as independent commerce raiders and got filthy rich doing it. 

The meeting continued, though Jack only paid half an ear’s attention to what was being said as he 
studied his assignment, which amounted to just patrolling the Corellian Run and wait 
for a distress signal or information from Imperial Intelligence about where this warlord’s base of operations were.

The meeting winded down after an hour and every commodore was beginning to leave the conference room. 

“Commodore Hawks, would you and your assistant stay a while, I have something to discuss with you, 
gentlemen, I’ll be having a private word with every one of you over the coming day, 
so don’t feel left out,” said Admiral Rod.

“Hey Hawks, say hello to Commander Hess for me,” said Commodore Delmar with a leer on his face. 
“I expect her to report to my ship in a few days to catch up,” he continued with more than 
a disturbing look in his eyes.

“We’ll see,” Jack muttered as he narrowed his eyes in suspicion at the retreating commodore’s back.
