“It’s good to see you again Jack, I see that the upgrades to the Challenger and the 
rest of your ships went off without a hitch, and I see you’ve recruited a little bit of arm candy, 
a very nice specimen,” said the admiral as he appraised his young twi’lek aide. 
“Let’s step into my office,” he continued as he led them through a side door, 
revealing a large office with a vast holographic screen behind his large and expensive 
looking wooden desk, his own aide following just behind them who sealed the door behind them. 
He walked behind the desk and got out a small device which activated with a sharp shrilling sound.

“Now we can talk privately, I’ve swept my office for bugs twice already today, 
but better that we don’t take any chances, I take it you’ve heard what happened to some of our old colleagues?”

“I’ve heard several rumours that some of the old guard in the navy and army were being 
forcibly retired, one or two have been arrested and charged with treason, 
on the grounds of sedition and sheltering Jedi,” said Jack.

“Then it’s a good thing that Aayla here changed her identity as well as her look, 
otherwise ISB agents would have quickly had you and your senior officers in chains 
before the day was out,” said Admiral Rod, much to the surprise of both Jack and Aayla. 
“It wasn’t that hard to figure out, her first name for one, a simple small change to it, 
as well as changing her last name to Kayla Macula was a good start, 
as well as some small alterations, like some work to her face and the 
intricate tattoos on her lekku,” the admiral said as he sat behind his desk. 
“Nia, would you be a dear and bring some Corellian brandy for me and the Commodore, 
I’m sure that we both need some to get through this meeting.”

“Of course admiral,” his aide said as she went over to a nearby cabinet and 
brought out a long oval shaped bottle with a Corellian Eagle emblazoned upon it, 
along with a pair of small tumblers and set them upon the admiral’s desk and proceeded 
to pour out a small measure of the amber liquid. “Do you take it straight-up or with ice, Commodore?” she asked.

“Straight-up,” said Jack, the occasion definitely called for no ice.

The Admiral nodded in approval. “I see that you still know how to take good liquor.”

“I’ve managed to secrete a few bottles in my quarters for special occasions, 
and I have on good authority that my CMO has stocked up a good deal for ‘medicinal purposes,’ 
of course he never drinks on the job,” responded Jack as he took the tumbler and breathed in 
the heady aroma of the well made brandy. 

“To old comrades-in-arms,” the admiral intoned as he raised his tumbler in salute, 
Jack followed suit soon after, and both took a quick sip each, both felt the burning liquid 
go down and settled comfortably in their bellies.
